David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are about to get some robinhood.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: bring it back every now and the end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so the phone is just beginning to sink in the sky, as you ride along the road from bass EDA North the carwash the red Mesa looming on your left.
Timothy Sackton: it's been it's may 23 so it's been about five days since he left the company of of Ross and Papa at the stone House about 10 days since you fled the orcs outside of Carson.
Timothy Sackton: and nearly a month since you left caraway with hop Dar to investigate.
Timothy Sackton: rumors of orcs and the remains of the know bands and whatever else might be lurking in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: The journey over the past five days from the stone House has been largely on eventful although.
Timothy Sackton: Given the shadow attacks from a week ago it's hard not to imagine you're seeing movement in the darkness every time you rest.
Timothy Sackton: And you've all gotten used to sleeping at the bright light of the drift globes as a constant evening companion.
Timothy Sackton: you're down to only three horses and baxter the shadows, having taken two of them, and so it's been a hot tiring journey as you've mostly had to walk alongside the animals are loaded with water and food for the desert track.
Timothy Sackton: So now, as the long afternoon shadows cast by the Red Mesa begin to stretch across the desert, only a few hours from Kerala the possibility of a fresh meal, maybe even a bath.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: Anticipating your return.
Timothy Sackton: and actually before we continue is there anything you wanted to do on the trip well be, are you.
Timothy Sackton: Doing More training or.
Timothy Sackton: Is it have any.
Rev. David (he/him): So train practicing shooting from well mounted and then I also want baxter to teach me.
Rev. David (he/him): Like speak cries so like as an animal signal you know if you're out of range or something.
Timothy Sackton: Right ah, make an animal handling check to kind of represent that.
Timothy Sackton: actually make two, so we can get an average of the two of them.
Timothy Sackton: See how okay so it's been you know it's been a.
Timothy Sackton: Decent week of training um I would say you've picked up a few cries so you can call like danger and.
Timothy Sackton: Food xp don't have a complicated vocabulary.
Timothy Sackton: Ah there's basically an alert cry there's a all clear cry and there's a something interesting cry.
Timothy Sackton: So you can communicate those three things to baxter without having to be in visual range or in telepathy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Less.
Timothy Sackton: less progress on the the mounted Archer training.
Eric Rosenbaum: um I secret has been experimenting with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Burning lenses haven't gotten excited about the whole magnesium flare concept and playing with glass blowing at night by the fire is experimenting making.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little lenses to harness the power of the sun or other light sources to catch things on fire.
Timothy Sackton: awesome i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just gonna go around with a giant like Archimedes lens.
Timothy Sackton: Like shoot lasers at people.
Timothy Sackton: For science, of course.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you continue along the road.
Timothy Sackton: You see, ahead of you a cloud of dust signifying riders are coming your way.
Timothy Sackton: You haven't been particularly trying to be stealthy so they spot you're headed in your direction.
Timothy Sackton: And within a few minutes you see growing on the road, before you a group of five travelers.
Timothy Sackton: To centaurs riding with three done Mari dressed in sort of patrol gear Armor and spears and bows and one of the donmar he sees you approaching.
Timothy Sackton: Calls out how travelers you've been told to watch, for your return.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We recognize any of them.
Timothy Sackton: I know you don't recognize any of them, I mean you might have seen them they're they're from pop stars band, you might have seen them, you know around.
Timothy Sackton: camp in your travels but not anybody that you've particularly spoken to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: l amp D where it's been a long travel returned back to Carla.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed we've been looking for you, these past four days, three days since since hop guys return without you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, some, feared you lost in the desert but.
Timothy Sackton: I suspected that would not be your fate.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, many folks in town, would like to speak with you can dress, in particular, if you have no urgent business.
Timothy Sackton: Or will you.
Timothy Sackton: Come.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, of course.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So you ride with the messengers for for an hour into town, if you want to ask them any questions i'm certainly welcome to chat with them as you're traveling.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um it was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the news the sandbars are still here so as have there been any attacks or anything that event with Ben folds occurred in the past month.
Timothy Sackton: One of them, the to the one who helped us kind of riding ahead sort of on point and writing next you is a.
Timothy Sackton: sort of middle aged woman who's a like looks like an Archer cracker type.
Timothy Sackton: And, and she seems to be the one designated to sort of bring you the news it's been.
Timothy Sackton: it's been pretty grim there's been.
Timothy Sackton: Three attacks now from various creatures, since he left.
Timothy Sackton: A few more have died in the battles.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The danger of the blasted plane of the nascar seems to be spilling over into Carola more and more.
Timothy Sackton: and worse a messenger from Samara carne asada in parentheses, the ruler of done mar you know that remember way long ago you sent out a message to to.
Timothy Sackton: Royal court.
Timothy Sackton: The messenger finally returned with news that.
Timothy Sackton: The summer will not muster troops to defend carwash.
Timothy Sackton: i'm saying.
Timothy Sackton: It is too far east.
Timothy Sackton: They will defend the horror river, but no further.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: has been.
Timothy Sackton: concerned and camp over this.
Timothy Sackton: As you might expect, hot dogs as.
Timothy Sackton: Well uninterested in.
Timothy Sackton: The Somme rots opinion.
Timothy Sackton: But others are not so sure we can remain here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The River Egypt okra.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah also built the Fed that river and that's it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's that's its most most of the population of Denmark is west of that river I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the population yeah but there's that but you know there's a the population density on the land around here is.
Timothy Sackton: much lower but there's still quite a few people who live on the plains kind of north and west of of terroir.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a handful of other villages that kind of around the red Mesa where there's a number of ways he's so it's not a it's not uninhabited although many of those have fled West with the know attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: So these attacks on Carolina then all from the same type of creatures to know.
Timothy Sackton: Why one was yes.
Timothy Sackton: I was not here, we had not returned for most for most of these attacks.
Timothy Sackton: Supposedly giant vultures.
Timothy Sackton: came hunting for.
Timothy Sackton: Live prey which is unusual.
Timothy Sackton: And a swarm of.
Timothy Sackton: On on kegs I believe they're called.
Timothy Sackton: insect like creatures that are rough from the earth and spit acid out of their jaws.
Timothy Sackton: Good attack from the desert.
Timothy Sackton: And yes, another band of of the knoll creatures as well, although some people, those who are here say they.
Timothy Sackton: were more dead than alive.
Timothy Sackton: And one of the Center has come kind of comes in rides over and says i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, yes, they were.
Timothy Sackton: Hardly.
Timothy Sackton: living at that point three had the flesh completely dropped off their body and seemed to be skeletons only.
Timothy Sackton: And yet they attacked with vigor.
Timothy Sackton: With arrows.
Timothy Sackton: It was.
Timothy Sackton: Not like anything i'd seen before.
Timothy Sackton: They seemed driven.
Eric Rosenbaum: This act with arrows.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: This don't seem that.
Timothy Sackton: In any case, kendra so wishes to speak with you lashes also back in town, how far as well i'm sure there are many who would discuss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, we look forward to the Council.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you ride through town.
Timothy Sackton: So you know it's it's still.
Timothy Sackton: largely in ruins, as it was when you left, but you know there's been some some work to kind of clear some of the grounds, a little bit and.
Timothy Sackton: And you know set up some temporary camps and things like that so so you pass from the East you pass.
Timothy Sackton: Where the ruins of a crumbs caravanserai is is is pretty that's been sort of taken over by hotdogs troops to done married campus set there um.
Timothy Sackton: So of horses people milling about tending animals signs of weapons being sharpened and and.
Timothy Sackton: Armor beaten back into shape.
Timothy Sackton: The centers are rather are sort of Camp off to the West you don't pass pass their camp and then the oasis were.
Timothy Sackton: Just outside of the temple has been sort of set up as a shelter for many of the Miss die, who have remained and they've started constructing along the ruins of.
Timothy Sackton: The old temple to the five siblings that was on the edge of the oasis Square and was destroyed in the original novel attack kind of a temporary dorm.
Timothy Sackton: The Center and the donmar I leave you as you approach the mystery camp where there is some excitement to see you perhaps having.
Timothy Sackton: somewhat less confidence in your ability to survive in the desert than the soldiers of pop stars band to add seeing you in action, so to speak.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a fair fair number of Mr who remain there's probably.
Timothy Sackton: 40 or so people in this camp.
Timothy Sackton: In you know various kind of setup around the.
Timothy Sackton: Around the oasis.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: As you approach you know, everybody recognizes you and and I sort of call goes out and you see i'm walking out of the temple kendra's.
Timothy Sackton: Who seems quite pleased to see you return.
Timothy Sackton: As.
Timothy Sackton: So he looks as he approaches, he sort of back ends you forward and if he thinks that Mr who have kind of graded you and taking you here, and he.
Timothy Sackton: he's leaning on his staff, he looks exhausted like circles under his eyes he's his robes is oka robes are sort of unkempt it doesn't look like he's slept much in.
Timothy Sackton: In days.
Timothy Sackton: And he takes you he says.
Timothy Sackton: I am so glad to see you, it has been.
Timothy Sackton: The past few days have been well sorry the past month has not been easy.
Timothy Sackton: I would speak in private, briefly, I think.
Timothy Sackton: There are things we have to discuss.
Timothy Sackton: Was leaning on his staff as he.
Timothy Sackton: kind of walks so he takes you the same place you've spoken with him before kind of into the temple.
Timothy Sackton: And like not not into the main part of the temple but there's this like little office conference room off off on the side as you enter the temple.
Timothy Sackton: And he sits in these any says.
Timothy Sackton: hold on one SEC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My soul side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so second.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, give me one SEC.
Timothy Sackton: salsa.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So he takes you into this little office, and he sits down.
Timothy Sackton: puts a staff down and just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: pauses for a moment and and and looks at all of you and and he looks I mean when you first met him.
Timothy Sackton: You know, he was this was a you know he's like the sort of middle aged guy but he looked he looked younger he had sort of a youthful handsome face sort of you know.
Timothy Sackton: Black curly hair without no Gray, or anything is you know i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Young looking skin he looks like he's aged maybe you know.
Timothy Sackton: 10 years in the past, since you last song it's like Brock Obama before presidency Brock Obama after presidency.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not quite that extreme.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
Timothy Sackton: You know something like that um.
Timothy Sackton: Any he says.
Timothy Sackton: I think.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I do not know what you've learned out in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: I think I have made.
Timothy Sackton: a terrible mistake.
Timothy Sackton: When I would hear your news first, if you bring anything.
Timothy Sackton: Of.
Timothy Sackton: anything that might be.
Timothy Sackton: That might.
Timothy Sackton: bring some hope to the situation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well there's news I think that's relevant to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably a larger Council.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: been an eventful month.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But i'm glad we're we're able to meet in private, as well as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have learned about the heart of sugar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we have learned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A hard isn't to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I don't know kendra so what you neglected to share with us before we departed, but it seems as though there's some critical information about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any information that you have about the heart of Japan and where we may be able to find it that seems to be an incredibly important.
Timothy Sackton: facet, did you.
Timothy Sackton: How did you find such information.
Timothy Sackton: How did you come to learn of this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before I told me.
Timothy Sackton: He looks shocked not disbelieving just like it sort of in all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't mean to to rush through parts of the story i'm now an initiative visa, this is one of the events nuts and bolts secret nearly joined me the last minute had cold feet understandably so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean you know dying is quite a price to pay and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but yeah I you know reshma directly shared with me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That while chatroom is still with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is no longer and that much of what we may be experiencing in terms of the locker protection seems tied to his disappearance, which you seem to know somebody down and may not have shared.
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: I must say that news you bring brings me great relief.
Timothy Sackton: For I have been.
Timothy Sackton: questioning in my mind.
Timothy Sackton: Whether.
Timothy Sackton: Chicago and would have me share this information with does not have our order.
Timothy Sackton: But if beside herself told you, I need not worry of such things.
Timothy Sackton: I will not speak too much more of the story, right now, for there is a traveler in town.
Timothy Sackton: A stone born from the mountains, who has come asking questions about.
Timothy Sackton: That touch on the same issue about the failure of the.
Timothy Sackton: barriers that have protected many beyond the borders of Denmark, as well as ourselves.
Timothy Sackton: And he has proven himself.
Timothy Sackton: A defender of this town in several attacks.
Timothy Sackton: And so I would wait for him.
Timothy Sackton: to share the full story.
Timothy Sackton: However.
Timothy Sackton: I wish to speak with you alone first.
Timothy Sackton: As I, I feel I owe you an apology.
Timothy Sackton: Especially you dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: For you may remember a vision, some time ago you thought was from a God.
Timothy Sackton: I am ashamed to admit that.
Timothy Sackton: Already at that time cocoon had left us.
Timothy Sackton: The heart was gone, but I did not want anybody to know.
Timothy Sackton: any sort of tops of staff and I have some control over dreams myself.
Timothy Sackton: I am sorry for the deception.
Timothy Sackton: And I am sorry I did not trust you earlier, but.
Timothy Sackton: There are some things.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it is hard to explain.
Timothy Sackton: The secrets.
Timothy Sackton: Of sure Kuhn.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: It is difficult to even speak of them and not I say difficult to speak of them, because I.
Timothy Sackton: don't wish to or.
Timothy Sackton: I you know.
Timothy Sackton: don't trust you or don't.
Timothy Sackton: wish to share widely this information, I mean difficult to speak of them literally.
huh.
Timothy Sackton: And so.
Timothy Sackton: I will try as best as I can tell you the story.
Timothy Sackton: In any case.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sorry did not try to give you more information earlier.
Timothy Sackton: Every death, since then, has been on my conscious and when the four of you first fought off those animal attacks on town, I wonder what may have gone differently if I had.
Timothy Sackton: come clean, then.
Timothy Sackton: And perhaps some death had been could have been averted.
Timothy Sackton: hey sort of pauses for him.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow.
Timothy Sackton: You can help and.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe too I hope.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow I can help you because I know many of you came to town originally with questions.
Timothy Sackton: about other things and we're drawn into these mysteries perhaps not entirely.
Timothy Sackton: Not not entirely as the first choice of things, you would have done.
Timothy Sackton: And even though I can't.
Timothy Sackton: I can't change what's happened I hope.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow we can make the future better.
Eric Rosenbaum: We hope so too, and thank you for sharing these difficult things to share, such as they are.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does seem that worry can age, a person.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you, you seem to be aged with worry.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it is not usually seem to be the case that worries can age, a temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems to me, however, that this temple that we're in is showing much greater signs of where.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps the work you might see over centuries just in the weeks that we've been gone, I wonder if you've noticed this.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't deed.
Timothy Sackton: How could I not.
Timothy Sackton: This perhaps is a secret that is easier to speak of, and that I will share with you.
Timothy Sackton: So you have seen some of the.
Timothy Sackton: healing concoctions that we make.
Timothy Sackton: From the earth of this Mesa.
Eric Rosenbaum: As we've used and benefited from them greatly.
Timothy Sackton: Inside the.
Timothy Sackton: Deep in the temple below the temple.
Timothy Sackton: There is a.
Timothy Sackton: There is a Chamber a cave where those concoctions grow.
Timothy Sackton: To start stone itself grows as plants and renews itself and we harvest them.
Timothy Sackton: the fruits of the stone plants and use them to make these.
Timothy Sackton: powders and ointments.
Eric Rosenbaum: secrets head is exploding.
To stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plants do is there anything indoor floor of this kind of thing.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: doors are not but also doors are not so ah.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're much more interested in, you know dwarves and what they can do right, not the coaxing the stone to.
Timothy Sackton: to grow, but but actually what it does, I mean it does remind you of you know caves and there are you know, obviously, like slack slack makes many cave formations to grow over time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right just.
Timothy Sackton: sped up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would love to see these.
Eric Rosenbaum: red mud farms.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps it some more relaxed moment.
Timothy Sackton: I would.
Timothy Sackton: Be honored to give you a tour but.
Timothy Sackton: To finish the important points.
Timothy Sackton: They have stopped growing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Timothy Sackton: about six weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a little longer ago.
Timothy Sackton: And now, but I think they have.
Timothy Sackton: been slowing.
Timothy Sackton: And perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: It was actually when cocoons heart was lost that they.
Timothy Sackton: that's the.
Timothy Sackton: Energy that lets them grow.
Timothy Sackton: disappeared.
Timothy Sackton: And I am not a.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not a scholar of these things.
Timothy Sackton: But somehow, it seems to me there must be a connection between.
Timothy Sackton: The way that Mesa locks.
Timothy Sackton: And the growing stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps the temple itself is made of this done.
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: Would not begin to know how to.
Timothy Sackton: Understand or test such a thing, but.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it could be very well.
Timothy Sackton: That may set itself seems to renew itself a fresh.
Timothy Sackton: Every year, whenever.
Timothy Sackton: There is, you know the winds weather at the sands sands terms blow.
Timothy Sackton: It never.
Timothy Sackton: It grows again.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, maybe, maybe there is some connection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kendra's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before we meet with others to hear more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have the trade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Trust this we've suffered and fought and killed horrible things and dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some pretty terrible situations, and I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your lack of forthcoming this about the whole context of the danger that we were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: subjecting ourselves to is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: an easy slight to forgive honestly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before we meet with the others I don't know if there's anything else you want to share.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know before we left, most recently, it seemed as though there was something you wanted to share with us, but you felt pains, and ultimately to not share on, but if there's anything that you want to to explain further to us before we meet with others, that may be appreciated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I certainly have empathy for your situation and understand that there's been some very traumatic events that have unfolded here as well, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think on our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What has been such a primary motivator of our journeys has been trying to understand what the hell is going on and not having key pieces of insight into this as we've traveled has been has been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: detrimental to our cause.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: cannot argue against anything you say comes out.
Timothy Sackton: I am not the person who should have been.
Timothy Sackton: The speaker of Chicago and, in these times.
Timothy Sackton: I was.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what to say I was.
Timothy Sackton: I was trained and and.
Timothy Sackton: expecting a.
Timothy Sackton: very different.
Timothy Sackton: role.
Timothy Sackton: bringing people together, maintaining the bonds of community.
Timothy Sackton: preaching and healing.
Timothy Sackton: Not.
Timothy Sackton: facing the destruction of everything I had.
Timothy Sackton: Everything that was my life for the past 35 years.
Timothy Sackton: I have no excuse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did you neglect to tell us what were you trying to tell us before we left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That you did not tell us the.
Timothy Sackton: That chicagoans heart was missing.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we suspected that something like that would be the case.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's still hard to understand why you might need to hide that fact.
Rev. David (he/him): You are the.
Timothy Sackton: initiators First Non initiates ever.
Timothy Sackton: Who are aware of the existence of this artifact.
Timothy Sackton: And even now, I try to explain what it does and.
Timothy Sackton: i've can form the words and I tried to speak them and nothing comes out.
Timothy Sackton: That the power of this thing is not so simple to understand or speak of the gods work in mysterious ways to coon, most of all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who else knows that the hardest missing.
Timothy Sackton: I suspect foreign dros has his.
Timothy Sackton: Suspicions although whether he knows, I have not spoken to him of the such artifact if he knows us he must know that from.
Timothy Sackton: The Center leader.
Eric Rosenbaum: In did did kenzo actually see an image i'm trying to remember, of the heart.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it was like a red ochre.
Timothy Sackton: stone that wasn't didn't have a solid form that you could like visualize it was like changing and pulsing and growing and shrinking but it reminded you of the stone of the red Mesa.
Mike Sackton: heart.
Mike Sackton: Maybe what is keeping the Mesa.
Mike Sackton: be growing, although it's deteriorated today was it just recently that it's really deteriorated a lot, whereas it that it's more noticeable but it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's actually a secret why don't you make a intelligence check.
Rev. David (he/him): He tempted he already tell us where physically the heart resides now what is that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He wants to tell us that, in the presence of the stone boy very good detail.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah seeker seeker is pretty experienced with stone and it's all its forms of weathering and construction and I think seeker what you would infer from this is that.
Timothy Sackton: Like structural weaknesses had probably been building up for a while.
Timothy Sackton: And something.
triggered at some.
Timothy Sackton: Part of one of these attacks or just like you know one rock cracks and that triggers.
Timothy Sackton: And stuff okay.
Timothy Sackton: So it's hard to say exactly how it's it seems like it's an accelerating process of decay, but not something that just started three weeks ago it's probably been going on for a while and has just gotten more noticeable.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe not as far back as when you first came to Kerala like then there was you hit spent some time examining the Mesa and there was nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing obvious, but perhaps by the time you returned after the.
Timothy Sackton: First, no attack when the village was ruined you just passed off any damage that accumulated as just the after effects of the battle.
Eric Rosenbaum: But from the start, I noticed that it was older than the surrounding rock paradoxically.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, exactly.
Timothy Sackton: which probably contributes to your suspicion that the may says somehow the same stone as whatever's in this cavern.
Timothy Sackton: is growing out from the Catherine or something, but it stopped growing at some point in the past and damage is now becoming more obvious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Living stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well yeah the whole thing is still a little weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says, though it has accelerated formation compared to normal stone or just like magic formation, but then also the reverse of that accelerated aging.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's like all the aging that was hasn't happened that never happened because it was.
Timothy Sackton: magic throwing is suddenly happening to it right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, dressed said before we meet with the others, I mean that maybe we also have some more questions as we we've.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gone and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learn more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you know about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you know about the the wizard than age right.
Timothy Sackton: Right well i've been.
Timothy Sackton: He was a hero, and the Great War was he not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He was but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As we learned in our our travels as we engage more with the initiates the schema.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And there may have been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it expense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A collaboration, I suppose, between some of the initiates and right to potentially try to close a portal it's in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some something that was that may have some relationship to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The unfolding of these beasts that are are now these strange beast that are now attacking terroir.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And done more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're trying to learn more about history.
Timothy Sackton: As I said, I am not a scholar I.
Timothy Sackton: I sat through my studies of history in religion.
Timothy Sackton: Like the next person, but.
Timothy Sackton: I can't say.
Timothy Sackton: Much of it has some gets.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well it's it's just to be clear again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No one else knows does anybody in town even know about the existence of the hardship.
Timothy Sackton: Only the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only the initiates when and who else knows that it's gone, other than you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Timothy Sackton: You just you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What it used.
Eric Rosenbaum: to it.
Timothy Sackton: I will, I will tell that story, but I would prefer not to tell it twice so.
Timothy Sackton: Let us speak with a stone born first.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And why do you trust the store and bought in the stone board.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: There is a.
Timothy Sackton: magic about him something of the mountains, he came from the north seeking answers to.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: The barriers that have protected dunmore have also protected, many of those beyond our borders.
Timothy Sackton: The stone barn the doors of the avanti many others who have been.
Timothy Sackton: Even Chardin have not seen the.
Timothy Sackton: evils of the blast that planes cross these lands and reach their Earth.
Timothy Sackton: This has.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously ceased to.
Timothy Sackton: function.
Timothy Sackton: And as such.
Timothy Sackton: enraged beasts full of blood loss and other things that he tells me have have come to his people as well.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: To be honest, I.
Timothy Sackton: was afraid of repeating the mistakes, I made with another coming to help and seek answers.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: He hated us in battle.
Timothy Sackton: He has tried to heal some of my exhaustion and and trouble.
Timothy Sackton: When I spoke with him, there was a.
Timothy Sackton: There was something of the mountains about him.
Timothy Sackton: And he's been in town for almost two weeks now and i've had the chance to converse with him.
Timothy Sackton: If I.
Timothy Sackton: If I trust you I will trust him.
Timothy Sackton: He has the same interests at heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A stone boards he's a giant.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: he's about eight feet tall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have we is this like a so wait we we bet the storm giant.
Timothy Sackton: yep do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this like is this like like how rare is this that they're just like stone border around it's like pretty pretty uncommon.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's a small community to stumble on that live in Tokyo, or at least frequently traveled to toe crap i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You know they come there you know after half flings and dwarves are by far the most common and done more, but but stone born are more common than lizard folk and much more common than ours it's not like seeing an alpha locked out of the desert, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's weird.
Timothy Sackton: that's weird i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, so today's you know.
Timothy Sackton: Probably every other year or every third year there's a stone born or or three who come to the festival of rebirth most people in in.
Timothy Sackton: In Carol would have I mean you certainly would have seen them seeker, you would have you would have seen them they there's probably some that live in in your hometown.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be probably would have just because you've traveled so much probably all of you would have seen stone born before they aren't.
Timothy Sackton: They aren't so.
Eric Rosenbaum: But but brogger the storm giant is a different category.
Mike Sackton: totally different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Mike Sackton: giants a stone boy I mean.
Mike Sackton: it's done born, are they where we call them owners in high school, but they were.
Mike Sackton: Like the the monk, they were like barrels mentors.
Timothy Sackton: Right and they.
Timothy Sackton: So they're one of the other races like one of the firstborn races like elves dwarves half legs and lizard folk there the fifth of the five firstborn races.
six.
Timothy Sackton: there's five firstborn races well six if you count, can you but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any any.
Rev. David (he/him): representation is very important.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In any any like stereotypes about storyboard stone border like what are they like.
Timothy Sackton: or like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Big and wise, but not necessarily.
Timothy Sackton: Like the fastest.
Timothy Sackton: thing I mean they're they're sort of like the stereotype is that they're like hyper focused on one thing and they're like incredible artisans or.
Timothy Sackton: fighters or artists or craftsmen, or something but they're not very.
Timothy Sackton: They sort of like hyper focused and kind of anything outside their focus they think slowly and and for a long time about and they just aren't in a hurry about anything.
Timothy Sackton: But that's just the stereotype.
Eric Rosenbaum: The family jokes that my great great great great uncle was.
Timothy Sackton: OK so anything else you want to ask kendra so.
Timothy Sackton: As he starts to lead you towards.
Timothy Sackton: The Center has camp.
Rev. David (he/him): I think well he's gonna tell can dress.
Rev. David (he/him): Because it's really feeling like can dress this failure, like sense of his own failure, and it will be has a very like sort of fatalistic attitude of like everything that's happened it's just what's supposed to be happening, so I think he's gonna set a contrast something like.
Rev. David (he/him): That can dress it don't.
Rev. David (he/him): don't doubt your God and putting you here in this moment.
Rev. David (he/him): I can't possibly imagine why.
Rev. David (he/him): But surely if things were meant to be otherwise, that would be.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Like not totally convinced, but I appreciate the effort.
Rev. David (he/him): will be shakes his head, surely, I have no relationship with Chicago whatsoever at all can't have more faith in their judgment than you.
Rev. David (he/him): And i'll laugh and leave it at that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um.
Timothy Sackton: So you walk through town i'm.
Timothy Sackton: walk with kendra is through the towards the center's camp where apparently this doing born has been staying.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: and
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
Timothy Sackton: And he says.
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: Let you introduce yourselves, but I will be waiting back at the temple when you're ready to speak more.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm.
Timothy Sackton: john you see kendra and for strangers walking towards your your camp in the.
Timothy Sackton: In the over by the centers, what do you like to describe what the four of them see as they begin to approach.
Library and Archives: Sure you're jumping right in there.
yep.
Library and Archives: um I am around eight feet tall young ish for a stone born.
Library and Archives: I have a kind of dirty traveling cloak on a long staff.
Library and Archives: feel looks slightly out of place.
Library and Archives: My character, maybe doesn't realize that he's slightly out of place, but there is some disconnect between the surrounding and himself.
Library and Archives: Any looks at you approaching him with some acknowledgement of who you may be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And started, is that this is the like what's the official like what a storyboard and look like these are the humanoid.
Library and Archives: looking like like human me.
Library and Archives: Yes, humanoid like.
Library and Archives: Eight feet tall, but like a very strong human pale kind of stone Gray colored skin.
Library and Archives: Like stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hair.
Library and Archives: Short kind of utilitarian cut, not a lot of decoration.
Library and Archives: No tattoos jewelry or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: So you see approaching can dress that he's met before and these four characters So do you want to.
Timothy Sackton: describe what what john's character sees as you approach.
Rev. David (he/him): So anyone well these hassling he's about three feet tall.
Rev. David (he/him): So looking up up at you.
Rev. David (he/him): With studded leather Armor on top, and a backpack with everything sort of neatly tucked and packed away, just so with a lot of care.
Rev. David (he/him): quiver of arrows on one hip and the hilt of a short swords to get behind the shoulder.
Rev. David (he/him): With a homemade cfia wrapped around his head and and clearly long time traveling in the desert.
Rev. David (he/him): he's trailed just behind him.
Rev. David (he/him): By an eight foot tall seven foot tall giant flightless bird that's sort of like a.
Rev. David (he/him): Cross between an ostrich and one of those extinct terror birds it's an x speak with this enormous giant.
Rev. David (he/him): Attack Beak that every so often will bend down in muscle and try and find treats out of his hand.
Rev. David (he/him): And he'll raise a hand and.
Rev. David (he/him): stubborn have their own language, presumably.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): he'll greet you in the stone born language and say and introduce himself and then switching back to common again so that's all I know of stone born.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only very slightly taller than will be is seeker a dwarf wearing.
Eric Rosenbaum: A very.
Eric Rosenbaum: Travel worn dusty.
Eric Rosenbaum: robe but with an enormous and meticulously braided beard.
Eric Rosenbaum: carries with him an enormous sort of sprawling large Pack and hanging off it are things like would appear to be goggles made of gemstones.
Eric Rosenbaum: A variety of books and scrolls.
Eric Rosenbaum: glass spheres and lenses.
Eric Rosenbaum: decorative tiny stone sculptures and even a tiny cage containing what appears to be a live rabbit.
Eric Rosenbaum: He is currently trying to watch where he's walking while at the same time scribbling or perhaps sketching in a small notebook with wild eyes and looks up at you to make a greeting saying I am seeker of high keep a friend of kendra says is a friend of ours.
Mike Sackton: Oh Delaware is an Elf.
Mike Sackton: He is wearing an elaborate set of Armor on that looks quite quite old and out of place.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if you would know any history but but it's clearly not modern Armor right like it looks unusual.
Mike Sackton: it's there's there's it's the Armor somewhat shrouded in in shadow, and it was the first thing you probably noticed about dealt with is just that.
Mike Sackton: it's almost harder to focus on the Armor than then maybe it should be there's there's a big blackness in the Center of it that is emanating a small.
Mike Sackton: bit of shadow that kind of clings to the Armor he's also wearing and another sort of ancient looking helm.
Mike Sackton: With you know, a small little wing wet coming out and slung over his back is a is a wired shield, along with the pack, but you can see no other weapons he's not no sword or any other weapon.
Mike Sackton: That with his his sort of pale silver hair that fairly short cropped but a little bit, you can see, under the helmet copper skin and somewhat distant looking golden eyes, so you can know must she's almost i'm.
Mike Sackton: always seems to be walking past, you are often to the distance just a little bit.
Mike Sackton: he's clearly seen some things in his time.
Mike Sackton: But he he kind of.
Mike Sackton: bow slightly like incline ahead slightly and say.
Mike Sackton: in common, it is a, it is a pleasure to meet one of your race, it has been many years since I last.
Mike Sackton: had the pleasure of the company of the start of a stone board welcome to.
Mike Sackton: Caroline.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And standing next to Dell with also normal humanoids haha calls, though, it sounds like six people.
Mike Sackton: And not even I mean he's probably 5859 something like that elves are super tall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so standing next to next to on dealt with similar similar high maybe a little bit maybe a touch taller is kenzo few is human.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And dark hair and now long longer dark hair actually like kind of maybe even down down to this length and you know needs to be tied back a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On done Mari and wearing a dark cloak and tunic but, just like totally just shredded and and dusty is Fuck just like covered in says just been clear like we've been like out in the desert for like you know, over a month just out there also have like a you know, like a big.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of spark wrapped around around the face that you know Quetzal kind of pulls down so you can you can see his see his face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Kansas Kansas very, very lovely lovely dress up administer coke and I said it just a you know, a quarter staff that he's he's walking with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And really sharp eyes be kind of like look at me, you can see that he's very, very keen and very kind of insightful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know kenzo you can also tell just by how he moves he's got like a like a grace about him like you can tell that he could probably do some damage with that staff and can move around quite well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, and so you know kinds of kenzo again sees he sees you and and nods says greetings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looking forward to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Learning more about you stone born kenzo on Canada.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is your name.
Library and Archives: or cod.
Library and Archives: Cod he kind of acknowledges the views that how much stuff some of you are carrying compared to his more minimal packing and utilitarian clothing and.
Library and Archives: Did you find what you were looking for.
Library and Archives: regard ask broadly to the group.
Mike Sackton: Each day brings more questions than answers, it seems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where do you hail from the crowd.
Library and Archives: North the mountains of in.
Library and Archives: A small village kuda.
Library and Archives: The small network of stumbling villages in the mountains, we don't leave them very often.
Eric Rosenbaum: In done where that is.
Timothy Sackton: A yes that's you at least seeker would end and.
Timothy Sackton: towers as well would be aware that that's the stone born name for the central mountains that run down the middle of the con and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like a line on the map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: circle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's That was a when I was dropped, when I was john and I were figuring out where he's from that's where he's from.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: hi I come from the mountains, to the North as well.
hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): We rounders.
Rev. David (he/him): Not too long ago, did you pass a giant circular permanent storm on your way so.
Library and Archives: i've seen the storm from the distance.
Library and Archives: I shouldn't have my character is shockingly uncharismatic.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're getting that impression.
Eric Rosenbaum: taciturn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What brought you to Carla.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: problem.
Library and Archives: Something is unwell in the mountains.
Library and Archives: Things are changing nature's unwell, the village elders i've been hearing rumors so I was sent south.
Library and Archives: To me.
Library and Archives: I was sitting south to.
Library and Archives: Carla and I came after it was attacked.
Eric Rosenbaum: we've heard that you have served in the defense of the town.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, i've done so as well and i'm grateful to you for that.
Library and Archives: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: happy to let us go on as long as you are whenever you want, you can dress I did say you know meet him back at the temple when you.
Timothy Sackton: are ready to hear.
More.
Okay.
Library and Archives: So we go back to the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know how to use that thing Kansas pointing is that your staff.
Library and Archives: somewhat.
Library and Archives: A little better, it helps me walk no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can't you can't buy with that.
Library and Archives: there's no need to Spar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You change your mind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh isn't responding partners, especially ones, now that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't dig myself.
Timothy Sackton: you've been even bigger than.
Then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How big is that enlarge spell make me how.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a two X yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so like 12 feet tall that's great.
Timothy Sackton: um so you as you walk back through.
Timothy Sackton: Through camp, you get the sense that, like a number of the center's are sort of familiar with with Jakarta and a few wave and say hi and.
Timothy Sackton: As he walks past it until you.
Timothy Sackton: Come back to the temple and and control us is is waiting in the.
Timothy Sackton: In the sort of Chamber Chamber room, as you all enter and and he says.
Timothy Sackton: You have met.
Timothy Sackton: i'm glad.
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: I will tell the story now.
Timothy Sackton: And I will.
Timothy Sackton: Try to give you as much detail as I can.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: As i've told.
Timothy Sackton: These.
Timothy Sackton: Friends your cards, there are some things.
Timothy Sackton: That about the story i'm going to tell that are hard to speak.
Timothy Sackton: Not not that i'm willing to speak that are literally hard to speak because of the magic of Chicago and and the Miss diane initiation and so.
Timothy Sackton: You have more questions when the story is over.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: It may be possible to show you what I mean.
Timothy Sackton: But we can discuss that once you know more.
Timothy Sackton: And he takes a deep breath and he kind of says a brief prayer tisha Kuhn.
Timothy Sackton: puts a staff leans a staff down and kind of sets with his hands on the table.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: Speaking this story to you.
Timothy Sackton: Because I believe.
Timothy Sackton: That only.
Timothy Sackton: That somehow together if we can find a way going forward we may be able to.
Timothy Sackton: solve.
Timothy Sackton: This crisis and I.
Timothy Sackton: I have no choice but to.
Timothy Sackton: put my faith in you.
Timothy Sackton: And I am glad to do so.
Timothy Sackton: But this story is not known to anyone.
Timothy Sackton: outside this room.
Timothy Sackton: Some of the details and information are known to other initiates of the mist I have shaken but none are known to non initiates.
Timothy Sackton: And I would ask you to be cautious.
Timothy Sackton: And how you repeat these stories.
Timothy Sackton: Our story begins.
Timothy Sackton: With sure coons heart.
Timothy Sackton: So many of you have heard of this.
Timothy Sackton: This is a.
Timothy Sackton: And he's like struggling to speak, I think.
Timothy Sackton: All I can really say is, it is a piece of sugar coons power.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: To explain it, it is not simply a piece of shit coons power, it is a.
Timothy Sackton: A piece of her.
Timothy Sackton: It amplifies her power it amplifies.
Timothy Sackton: divine magic in this world.
Timothy Sackton: And it gives strength to the community of miss die that protects the land.
Timothy Sackton: It has been.
Timothy Sackton: Part of.
Timothy Sackton: Denmark Murray history, for many, many generations.
Timothy Sackton: sitting here.
Timothy Sackton: In this place at what was once the heart of donmar.
Timothy Sackton: Now left as the eastern edge of this land.
Timothy Sackton: And just as.
Timothy Sackton: her brother cortana.
Timothy Sackton: gave his.
Timothy Sackton: body and mind to build this country.
Timothy Sackton: Should Kuhn gave her heart to protect that.
Timothy Sackton: Two and a half years ago, and before I go on.
Timothy Sackton: Let me.
Timothy Sackton: tell you another secret, which is easier to speak of.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: The speaker of destruction.
Timothy Sackton: But there is another one, in whom.
Timothy Sackton: The power of should Kuhn lives one who is born every generation with sure coons.
Timothy Sackton: essence in them.
Timothy Sackton: The supreme Oracle in this generation our name is Sintra.
Timothy Sackton: Two and a half years ago.
Timothy Sackton: She had a daughter.
Timothy Sackton: A child late in life, a blessing to her, and all of us.
Timothy Sackton: from a very young age, she seemed as one blessed by chicagoans favor.
Timothy Sackton: before she could even speak she could shape the earth around her and paint colors in the desert sand.
Timothy Sackton: But then, not when she was not yet to maybe seven months ago now, six months ago now.
Timothy Sackton: She took l slowly wasting away not eating growing frailer.
Timothy Sackton: We all prayed.
Timothy Sackton: And while I had misgivings in my heart that.
Timothy Sackton: Again, I did not speak.
Timothy Sackton: Central was convinced that your Kuhn was speaking to her and that her daughter, would be a great Oracle and to heal her, she needed to take her and Jeff koons heart South beyond the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: To a place called cocoons wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: A sacred grove hidden on the southern end of the greatness.
Timothy Sackton: I should have.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry Mike yes.
Mike Sackton: Yes, the first one, not the second.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, the first one.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sure coons wellspring is a sacred grove I said that already um.
Timothy Sackton: I should have spoken, I should have said something, then, but I told her to go.
Timothy Sackton: That was early February.
Timothy Sackton: Neither her nor her daughter has returned, since then, and the heart, has not been seen.
Timothy Sackton: We thought he'd be gone maybe two weeks three at most.
Timothy Sackton: Some new of many new of her travels.
Timothy Sackton: highest level of initiates anyway, she took two companions with her, although she is the strongest of us.
Timothy Sackton: Some time ago now, early March.
Timothy Sackton: I asked them more accolades to go investigate they never returned.
Timothy Sackton: And soon after the first High unit attack terroir.
Timothy Sackton: And things went downhill from there.
Timothy Sackton: Another group of our strongest warriors remaining left after the nola tech i'm sorry before the nola talk.
Timothy Sackton: And they again, I have not returned.
Timothy Sackton: I have tried.
Timothy Sackton: For my morale as much as anything to keep up appearances, since we lost the heart.
Timothy Sackton: But without that my magic is weak.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: More than my magic the.
Timothy Sackton: Community.
Timothy Sackton: cannot do what it.
Timothy Sackton: needs to do to keep us safe.
Timothy Sackton: I hesitate.
Timothy Sackton: I hesitate to ask you.
Timothy Sackton: to travel.
Timothy Sackton: Where many others have gone and died.
Rev. David (he/him): everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: And part of my hesitation.
Timothy Sackton: Before was.
Timothy Sackton: fearing that whether I speak or stay silent, I will send somebody to their death.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: And I cannot explain how should coons heart powers, the protection.
Timothy Sackton: That guards our borders.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: The words to speak.
Timothy Sackton: The nature of this magic or.
Timothy Sackton: i'm prevented from doing so.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: I can.
Timothy Sackton: Show you if you desire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yes.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Whether you wish to see the magic of the heart.
Timothy Sackton: or not.
Timothy Sackton: I would ask you if you would travel south.
Timothy Sackton: and tried to find sentra.
Timothy Sackton: And chickens heart.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I just review for a second.
Eric Rosenbaum: So Sintra is the supreme Oracle of the cocoon mystics yep and so someone perhaps like alongside.
Eric Rosenbaum: kendra was on the org chart or even above.
Timothy Sackton: Well yeah you get the sense that it's sort of like she's not on the org chart like she's literally the soul of Chicago and somehow empowers her.
Timothy Sackton: And is sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Nowhere Center has four or five kendra says, formerly the header of the organization of the.
Timothy Sackton: monastery if the whole temple and the Miss die and everything but Sintra just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: floats around and sometimes speaks with your voice in this like that that's what's happening and then everybody.
Timothy Sackton: Listening from sometimes it's just an ordinary woman.
Timothy Sackton: And maybe I can order.
Timothy Sackton: button clearly very magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: about the story, but so and she has a.
Eric Rosenbaum: daughter, who fills.
Timothy Sackton: out a daughter, who fell SEC.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then she thought she could heal the daughter, using the heart, but I had to go to this sacred grove yes.
Timothy Sackton: Which you're muted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: weight is the daughter of the heart, or is the daughter of parts physical object.
Timothy Sackton: the hearts of physical object the daughter was just a person who can do magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be the next supreme Oracle and infuriatingly powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, right, and so they took this to heart with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, so.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, oh first.
Mike Sackton: Yes, South like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like 20 miles or something.
Timothy Sackton: Like like, on the other end the southern end of the maze so.
Mike Sackton: So not white here.
Timothy Sackton: 50 miles.
Rev. David (he/him): Go get her be back tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: yeah maybe like 50 miles.
Rev. David (he/him): day after tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: No i'm personally not very experienced with.
Eric Rosenbaum: small children, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps someone else in the party is.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm sure that she and I will see eye to eye.
Naturally.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I perhaps share with her some of those interests and skills in shaping and coloring stone do.
Mike Sackton: Do we know how old is the, this is the daughter, do we know how old she is.
Timothy Sackton: she's probably like.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: Three now if she's alive, I mean nobody knows her she's alive, she was.
Timothy Sackton: dying so i'm wasting disease.
Timothy Sackton: And went to be healed and.
Timothy Sackton: never came back so big question mark there.
Rev. David (he/him): Who knows there's someone south of here who does favors in return for a terrible price right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kensal is just.
Eric Rosenbaum: As oh no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was just like so frustrated like just so like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like what When did we first show up here how many months ago, is it.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Two months ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was just like they can trust that.
Eric Rosenbaum: People.
Eric Rosenbaum: People want to do amazing things to protect and.
Eric Rosenbaum: grow their own children.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That interested like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Four months.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah traveling hundreds of models.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The desert through fighting terrible beasts uncovering horrible secrets, I mean we haven't we still have to share with you some of what we what we learned in the lands east of here but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The protection of Denmark through chicken and the heart these feel like primary issues of critical importance that of salt first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: could have potentially.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: prevented or help to address so many the urgent issue wide the center's not been rallied to this cause, why have we not been talking about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The moment that we arrived, this is just what we've been wandering around the desert for hundreds of miles for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, if i'm a little agitated right now but you're talking to us after you know being Gone are also for a month and having to learn about the the the disappearance of the heart from the schema directly, I mean i'm just a little frustrated and I slept.
Rev. David (he/him): Well bill was saying and don't get us wrong all of that has been.
Timothy Sackton: amazing.
Rev. David (he/him): We cross the River Carta, we went to the dead city of cars, at least, it was so great, we talked to go man it's been fantastic, but I have to agree with cancer, I mean this kind of seems like high priority saving child.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will saving the heart, this is.
Rev. David (he/him): just give that to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, can dress i'm just a little.
Mike Sackton: And, and why not send more than.
Mike Sackton: A small group.
Mike Sackton: Have cannot have read an army and.
Mike Sackton: Many of us go, or is there some reason why this is not a place that.
Mike Sackton: would be safe for a large group.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where the whole story is still.
Mike Sackton: Or is it just your fear of sharing the story.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you are right.
This.
Timothy Sackton: This secret.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps has outlived its usefulness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of us are in danger because she cocoon is no longer able to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To protect protect us.
Library and Archives: My village is in danger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The north is in danger we're all in danger for storing the heart.
Library and Archives: creased can you still sense the heart.
Library and Archives: Is it even there.
Timothy Sackton: That is.
Timothy Sackton: hard to explain.
Timothy Sackton: I know it is misplaced and not gone.
Timothy Sackton: cannot really explain how I know, such a thing.
Can you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you tell us about this place that.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Oracle was taking it to.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the.
Timothy Sackton: The wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: it's at the southern edge of the of the Mesa.
Mike Sackton: So that.
Timothy Sackton: sounds like.
Mike Sackton: that's like this is the Mesa right this.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's not precisely to scale, but yes it's like it's like 30 to 50 miles roughly.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to yeah maybe like maybe like 40 miles or something somewhere in that range.
Timothy Sackton: It is a.
Timothy Sackton: many places around this Mesa are sacred destruction.
Timothy Sackton: and have been kept.
Timothy Sackton: secret and protected for many generations.
Timothy Sackton: The the wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: Is a hidden growth around a.
Timothy Sackton: pool.
Timothy Sackton: That can be reached through steps that lead down into a narrow slot Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: which continues to the far southern edge of the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: Where a.
Timothy Sackton: Enormous ball is open to the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 700 800 feet across and in the Center of that.
Timothy Sackton: Opening in this Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: Is this growth.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's reached by going over the top of the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: yeah over the top of the maze out find the stairs go down the stairs go through the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: hmm or you know scale down a.
300 foot cliff.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: There has much that has always been secrets about.
Timothy Sackton: Show Kuhn.
Timothy Sackton: And the places and things associated with her.
Timothy Sackton: I do know not, I do not know what the consequences will be of revealing such information.
Timothy Sackton: I suspect they will not be.
Timothy Sackton: None.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: I no longer trust my judgment in any of this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So kendra said, do you have any speculations on what man befallen Sintra the child, the heart.
Timothy Sackton: I suspect Sintra, and the child or dad.
Timothy Sackton: And the heart.
Timothy Sackton: I hope.
Timothy Sackton: remains at the wellspring protected somehow by chicagoans magic but with no means of returning it to where it belongs.
Timothy Sackton: That is what I heard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it belongs here in the Mesa there's a home for it here.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the in the.
Timothy Sackton: In the temple temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is the father of the child.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know Center would not say.
Timothy Sackton: But such is not a typical for.
Timothy Sackton: The oracles it.
Mike Sackton: Is the Oracle traditionally hereditary.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Library and Archives: How can we trust you with the heart.
Library and Archives: You will make nothing but bad decisions.
Library and Archives: This is bigger than you or this village.
Timothy Sackton: You need not trust me.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not sure I trust myself.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: The heart is not return to the temple.
Timothy Sackton: The magic will not work and I, I cannot explain more than that, unless you're willing to let me show you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we'd like to see.
Timothy Sackton: It is not simple.
Timothy Sackton: The only way to see is to experience part of the.
Timothy Sackton: The ritual that we use to initiate new members into the order.
Timothy Sackton: It will take some time to prepare.
Timothy Sackton: But tomorrow evening.
Timothy Sackton: I could be ready.
Rev. David (he/him): Very good.
Library and Archives: It will afford to wait one more day.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could make all the difference.
Timothy Sackton: it's been.
Timothy Sackton: it's been four months and Center left.
Timothy Sackton: I think the delay.
Timothy Sackton: The blame for delay is mine.
Rev. David (he/him): are either already dead or they aren't.
Mike Sackton: How does the timeline white up with what we already know, four months doesn't it out, we were talking about six months before or a year.
Timothy Sackton: For what timeline.
Mike Sackton: What all the bad stuff started happening.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly yes.
Timothy Sackton: The first animal attack that so in Kerala dealt with when you were in Kerala the first Hyena attack was.
Timothy Sackton: was in early March so roughly three weeks after central left.
Timothy Sackton: and similarly your.
Timothy Sackton: You know other experiences in town of.
Timothy Sackton: Things all happened after the beginning of February.
Timothy Sackton: In terms of like larger bad things having to do with this stuff out in the desert yeah that you are suspecting like when you.
Timothy Sackton: You are suspecting was like nine to 12 months ago the timeline was a little uncertain, so it does not seem to entirely line up with.
Timothy Sackton: With this being the cause of bad stuff in the desert.
Mike Sackton: Like.
Mike Sackton: Try Jennifer get your character's name.
Library and Archives: or talk.
Mike Sackton: record what when did bad things coming to your village.
Library and Archives: I have sensed unsettling things in my travels in the wilderness in the mountains for a while.
Library and Archives: i'm.
Library and Archives: Over a decade ago decades ago.
Library and Archives: Things have been unsettled but slight in the mountains, but it's getting more and more in the past 12 months.
Library and Archives: And the unsettling feelings, I have felt in the mountains and my travels coupled with the rumors that have been even making it into these rural, isolated villages how.
Library and Archives: The elders have sent me down to figure what is up so it's escalating, but it does predate the very poor decisions of this priest.
Mike Sackton: Why.
Mike Sackton: kendra's what.
Mike Sackton: Have you told the center's anything.
Timothy Sackton: I have not told them any of these secrets.
Timothy Sackton: I have told them.
Timothy Sackton: that they are aware that our magic is.
Timothy Sackton: Failing.
Timothy Sackton: i've told them.
Timothy Sackton: Little.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond acknowledging that the magic has failed and i'm hoping for a solution.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You may find yourself in another political situation with the centaurs also not being aware of the true nature of the problem, they are here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Presumably until the hardest returned, they are, they are sacrificing of themselves as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know anything about the nature of the dangerous we may face, should we should we Marshal troops should we bring more Horsemen should we have the centaurs join us, we have any do you know if this requires if this mission requires stealth, does it require my.
Timothy Sackton: There is little I know for certain.
Timothy Sackton: There are few now left among the Miss die, who have any real power, most of our.
Timothy Sackton: Most of us who did have power have already gone and failed on this mission.
Mike Sackton: Scott, I mean if, when it's 30 miles, you said.
Timothy Sackton: Like probably 40 it's between 30 and 50.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: he's probably this morning now.
Timothy Sackton: it's morning yeah.
Mike Sackton: And he's proposing this ritual.
Timothy Sackton: Tomorrow, no sorry no it's evening he's proposing it tomorrow night yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But it's still the same day you got into town like you've basically done nothing.
Timothy Sackton: haven't even set up camp or checked on your belongings or anything.
Mike Sackton: So, speaking of.
Rev. David (he/him): Recent anyways.
Mike Sackton: um, we have to think to shoot the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mirror.
Timothy Sackton: But it's ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so you know I mean he's happy to delay.
The.
Timothy Sackton: ceremony, if you want right, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that's a good rest and resupply.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have a hot meal.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: he's.
Timothy Sackton: Like you really get the sense, he doesn't he really doesn't think anybody's alive or anybody's there he thinks this is a scouting staff mission.
Timothy Sackton: And he is nervous about breaking with I mean clearly he's already stretched tradition to tell you.
Timothy Sackton: But you're all outsiders and trust you not to tell anybody he he definitely now if you suggest that he's like enough unsettled with his own judgment he'll go along with that, but he's definitely nervous that it's not that there's something might happen if the secret is breached.
Timothy Sackton: And you know what.
Mike Sackton: Are there any examples and done Murray history of secrets being.
Timothy Sackton: Share make.
Mike Sackton: somebody who knows history make history check instead of telling.
Mike Sackton: we'll be right back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some shit that I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is, this is a Kansas.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can all think about it, but kenzo can can roll with advantage.
History.
Timothy Sackton: yeah actually how about anybody who anybody who wants to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have a good history.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With advantage to hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Now, because everybody's rolling so you don't get advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is looking at it, I just got it I got I had an 80 and then I rolled 19 with my advantage.
Library and Archives: we're all rolling history.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, anybody.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody who wants to.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: So there's not much, that is, you know obvious in dunmurry history that's like here, there was a secret that a bunch of people said and here's this bad thing that's directly attributable to that secret.
Timothy Sackton: But you know kenzo, in particular, as you as you kind of think about it, you know, given your you know your study and your connection to.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: The monastery earth or to Dunbar right um you know there's definitely like there's This strand of kind of mystical history that runs through.
Timothy Sackton: The Dunbar a tradition, and you know, particularly around.
Timothy Sackton: You know how the rulers are chosen, for example, like, for a long time this was kind of a secret of the locking monastery lock up being another one of the dunmurry god's record probably would know the names of the gods at least um.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: But that.
Timothy Sackton: That failed.
Timothy Sackton: And, and when that sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Part of the lock in tradition sort of became public and got out and.
Timothy Sackton: That was what led to eventually um you know, a series of rulers who pushed on mar to expand its borders and stretch South and led to the end of that dynasty and.
Timothy Sackton: And the sort of breaking of that line of of.
Timothy Sackton: Of rulers and.
Timothy Sackton: You know kind of at the end of that dynasty there was you know they were attacking they were like pushing into drink or and doing some you know moving south.
Timothy Sackton: And suffered like lost a bunch of battles badly and so that's the closest parallel you can think of, where kind of secret knowledge became on secret knowledge and it.
Timothy Sackton: Not necessarily a great precedent in terms of now whether.
Timothy Sackton: This is that significant like it's pretty unclear, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other random question, or is it possible to be like a mist I have all of those all of the five brothers and sisters are there any.
Timothy Sackton: Typically, now kenzo is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the way now it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Five morrow night.
Mike Sackton: The way we should become a mist is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of us are getting getting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Part of the initiation ritual tomorrow night so.
Mike Sackton: You had to die for the last one so yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we'll see about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah we were asking about scouting because you're like 30 miles and miles oh I.
Mike Sackton: Could like I mean this is like a slot Canyon.
Mike Sackton: i'm just wondering if we possible to send somebody like a washer a few of the other scouts not like go in, or anything but just is it still there is the place that he described doesn't even exist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like let's send a Hawk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or or.
Rev. David (he/him): or even just ask one of the like traveling pox from the area, they would have been there.
Rev. David (he/him): You know, I presume, they have a really wide territory, like vultures.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You could definitely ask some hawks and see if they.
Mike Sackton: Can I also think we should tell the centaurs about the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm feeling that as well, but i'm also feeling like that's two dresses political mistake, not ours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got it awesome.
Rev. David (he/him): David thanks both of you are right, but will be thinks that it's not our news to tell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You say Dave David things like you yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): you're totally right.
Rev. David (he/him): Like we should share information, like the more secret keeping that we have, like the less well we do both as.
Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is like the dumbest like like the thing that's like all of these fucking attacks like all the crazy bullshit in the land and it's like he knew about the fucking heart like two months ago, like what the Fuck what.
Mike Sackton: A heart is not even half the story.
Mike Sackton: Nothing started when Center took the heart.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the only thing that started was the attack.
Library and Archives: On the village.
Mike Sackton: I mean, but that was the sentence like four months ago.
Mike Sackton: and dealt with was what when did that will appear.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe when did you deal with appear so now, it would be like.
Mike Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: half months ago.
Library and Archives: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Central left, while I was in town.
Mike Sackton: yeah but.
Mike Sackton: That was still.
Mike Sackton: Nothing I don't write me, obviously it was probably not a big went to been like a big.
Eric Rosenbaum: event, I presume, is dealt with the father JESSICA.
Rev. David (he/him): I think will be left sidebar about the same time, though.
Timothy Sackton: yeah about four months ago sort of a funny.
Rev. David (he/him): That makes them a little.
Rev. David (he/him): who's the owner of the center's again turmeric.
Timothy Sackton: bar and dress.
Right.
Rev. David (he/him): they'll just say, are we still with can dress.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah said of control.
Rev. David (he/him): control so tell surendra.
Library and Archives: You must tell him.
Timothy Sackton: make a persuasion check out.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage.
Rev. David (he/him): hey, this is just a straight role for me wish me luck.
Rev. David (he/him): To meet him or to record.
Library and Archives: know.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe even natural 20 is a better.
Mike Sackton: one.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead i'm.
Mike Sackton: sandra's knows something is missing.
Mike Sackton: I think if you are.
Mike Sackton: I think you must share it.
Mike Sackton: And if.
They bled for you.
Mike Sackton: You said earlier, you do not trust your judgment, I think, if you.
Mike Sackton: will not.
Mike Sackton: That was trying to think of delta hikers but i'm trying to think of a playoff I he's mostly forceful but.
Mike Sackton: If you will not.
Mike Sackton: I do not think it is safe for this secret to be captured.
Mike Sackton: centers are trustworthy they will not share.
Mike Sackton: With others have done Mari.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You risked deeply betraying their trust and the lives and the blood that's already been shed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If that you did they do not understand the full picture and they already know that still with said they know something is wrong and know something is missing and they've committed to stay here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Until the hearts return, even though they don't know exactly that it is the heart that needs to be returned.
Rev. David (he/him): don't keep making the same mistake.
Timothy Sackton: He looks around at all of you, and then he looks specifically at record and he says.
Timothy Sackton: you're right if i'm willing to trust one stranger from the north I should trust another stranger from the north.
Timothy Sackton: you're muted.
Rev. David (he/him): will be stressed muttering to himself i'm also from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't secret from the North to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah all of you are from the north, except for.
Timothy Sackton: You can say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm from China and charges from the north.
Timothy Sackton: that's like the last marlin.
Timothy Sackton: And he says okay.
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: I will tell them tell them tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: have one other question.
Eric Rosenbaum: With ill intent.
Eric Rosenbaum: got a hold of this heart.
Eric Rosenbaum: In addition to the harm.
Eric Rosenbaum: of keeping it from chicken in the temple could they make use of it to their own aliens.
Timothy Sackton: did not know.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: The heart is.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: It is called a heart, but that is not a metaphor.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Yes, somebody could do great harm with this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not a metaphor.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to explain.
Mike Sackton: Contrast so would you have any way of knowing if this secret was.
Mike Sackton: known by others, this fact of the heart.
Mike Sackton: away, perhaps.
Mike Sackton: There are there are treasure seekers on the plane.
Mike Sackton: From charleston and much darker places.
Mike Sackton: They be seeking this.
Timothy Sackton: Part of the point of secrecy is to prevent such things.
Timothy Sackton: But I did not know, I cannot say for sure.
Timothy Sackton: That the secret is not known as I said, i'm not a scholar.
Mike Sackton: And you.
Mike Sackton: Through the.
Mike Sackton: dreaming.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps I should try yes.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps we should leave you to your errands thank address.
Mike Sackton: been a long day for us and a long.
Mike Sackton: travel.
Mike Sackton: and tell it a walk at the rest of us anybody else.
Timothy Sackton: I will speak with gross and.
Timothy Sackton: pray and prepare.
Timothy Sackton: and send a message if you change your mind.
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise, I will expect you.
Timothy Sackton: tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: Around sunset.
Mike Sackton: Very well.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of like bows and kind of sits for a minute to gather his thoughts and picks up his staff and and sort of.
Timothy Sackton: nods as it leaves heading into the temple to pray or collective thoughts for a moment before starting on these errands.
Mike Sackton: will turn to the to the.
Mike Sackton: breath well to wellbeing Kendall and secretly stun we should set up camp, there is.
Mike Sackton: Some questions, I think.
Mike Sackton: It would be worth getting some answers to.
Mike Sackton: He and della takes out a.
Mike Sackton: Some some broken glass.
Mike Sackton: Think i'm curious what this might tell us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: fragments from the glass blowers shopping Carson.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As we think about that too, I wonder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If maybe your your hawks can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Help us uncover more about the location of this grove and what might already be there.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah TIM on that i'm interested, both in the location like does it still exist.
Rev. David (he/him): and open to the possibility of maybe like magically camouflage but i'm also curious like if there's anything moving in the desert like should we expect an attack tonight, or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: So make animal handling check.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You are you are able to to you know you're skilled enough that you can pretty much always get a Hawk to come.
Timothy Sackton: You know, some sort of bird or or.
Timothy Sackton: This evening, this time of day is as the rest of you are setting up camp.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's some some hawks soaring on there, you know returning to their.
Timothy Sackton: To their release and you are able to attract a Hawk.
Timothy Sackton: Not.
Timothy Sackton: One that is necessarily very.
Timothy Sackton: Clear and it's.
Timothy Sackton: In it's sort of visuals that it that it presents you about the Mesa um The one thing that you do pick you don't you don't get a sense.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really get a sense from it, it doesn't really understand the geography of what you're trying to convey about kind of where this place is that you want it to report on um you do get a sense that the Mesa the Mesa is quiet.
Timothy Sackton: it's you know there's there's a case you know there's like vultures but it's hard for for things mostly it's hard for things to get up there i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The one.
Timothy Sackton: odd thing that you.
Timothy Sackton: The one odd thing that you.
Timothy Sackton: You do sort of getting a bit of a visual of is somewhere towards the south of the of the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: You know, some sort of creature it's never seen before, something that is more bones and flesh.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of lingering there been there for weeks.
Timothy Sackton: On the southern edge of the Mesa Mesa like several of these creatures that doesn't have a good sense of numbers but it's more than four and less than 100.
Some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pounds of what skeletons of beasts humans, even though it's.
Timothy Sackton: Like humanoid skeleton I mean it's a Hawk it doesn't have a clear non animal.
Eric Rosenbaum: The beasts similar to what kendra so describing.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was a.
Eric Rosenbaum: attack of the skeletal muscles.
Timothy Sackton: That was.
Timothy Sackton: The scout who created you.
Eric Rosenbaum: know the scout.
Rev. David (he/him): Lingering there for weeks is interest we haven't seen that behavior before from right.
Eric Rosenbaum: They tend to travel yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps.
Mike Sackton: Where this lingering.
Rev. David (he/him): South end of the Mesa summer.
Library and Archives: A far south.
Rev. David (he/him): vaguely.
So.
Mike Sackton: Probably about where that.
Mike Sackton: would be my guess.
Rev. David (he/him): garden exit or an entrance maybe I wonder.
Mike Sackton: Well, well be as off looking at the Hawk i'm going to show the glass blowers broken glass to the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm just i'm not gonna like this in a message i'm just gonna say.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Mike Sackton: john specifically i'm thinking about.
The question.
Mike Sackton: How did this all fall how this gets destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: How did this all okay i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): Making sake of simplicity, can we all just come with you do that.
Mike Sackton: me.
Mike Sackton: something's not working with might be on 20 rolling.
Eric Rosenbaum: This being.
Rev. David (he/him): The same yeah.
Library and Archives: yeah same.
Timothy Sackton: Well, just rolling the.
Mike Sackton: ball how that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: just go gravity 20.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, there you go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, how.
Timothy Sackton: So ah, so the rest of you have seen this before, but but direct God, you see as the you know you follow them sort of telling behind as they approach, a store and you go to a store room basically where you see a bunch of weird stuff i'm a giant hunk of some sort of metal or.
Timothy Sackton: And a like.
Timothy Sackton: A wall mirror like a like a full size mirror frame or the two most notable things stored here and as.
Timothy Sackton: As Dell with holds up these sort of pieces of glass to the mirror like images start flickering in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Timothy Sackton: First, you see.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like fire like intense heat and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: And ah.
Timothy Sackton: A metal rod.
Timothy Sackton: it's like you're looking from inside of fire out a metal rod.
Timothy Sackton: And that image flashes flashes pack past quite quickly.
Timothy Sackton: And then you you feel more than see like a succession of days just going past days and days and days and days and days flickering quickly like i'm sun sat sun sunrises sunsets sunrises.
Timothy Sackton: You know happening like five times a second or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: You see flickering flames again.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sort of in the distance like you're in a in a on a shop counter enough stall outside of shop and it's a building in the distance that's burning and then a something comes swinging down towards you.
Timothy Sackton: it's an x.
Timothy Sackton: about the size of.
Timothy Sackton: somewhere between kenzo in Chicago.
Mike Sackton: Like the X.
Timothy Sackton: The X.
Mike Sackton: That size.
Timothy Sackton: swinging down towards the stall and.
Timothy Sackton: shatters as the blade of the X just it's like the vision of the blade coming straight at your eyes and then, as the blade touches the service of the mirror it fades to black.
Mike Sackton: No clue as to what's carrying the X, the size of a person.
Timothy Sackton: You, you are not able to see that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: But it is an x besides of a person so.
Library and Archives: touches the mirror kind of confused.
Timothy Sackton: it's now it's just a mirror you see your hands kind of reaching out to touch.
Library and Archives: He wraps those knuckle gets to just double check.
Timothy Sackton: seems like a normal mirror.
Mike Sackton: size of a person.
Eric Rosenbaum: would be wielded by a creature of what size.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what other creatures 20 foot.
tall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are 20 foot tall creatures that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps other ones that we don't know about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shadow giants.
Timothy Sackton: Well, shadow.
Timothy Sackton: You saw fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fire.
Timothy Sackton: Oh licorice name on the blade of the X.
Rev. David (he/him): Fire giants.
Timothy Sackton: There are five.
Mike Sackton: um.
Library and Archives: hey dude investigation chaff till to recall and look at the market stay in that was crushed, to see if the.
Library and Archives: The where's are the things being sold or anything that can help determine location time season.
Library and Archives: or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: Sure um.
Timothy Sackton: i'd say just make us straight intelligence check.
The.
water.
Mike Sackton: You have all the good roll tonight.
Timothy Sackton: Kong I sent you a message.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So you know thinking back about the images you saw.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you have no context whatsoever to put this in a time period in history, but just based on kind of like paying attention to the you know the the the length of time of the of the day, going past.
Timothy Sackton: You get the sense that at least one it was destroyed was actually hold on, let me double check my notes.
One second sorry.
so slow to load.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, like summer or late like about this time of year actually late spring early summer is when you guess the bottle the bottle was destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems to have been in like a glass blowers shop right like there's a number of different class things around that.
Timothy Sackton: Other than that it's hard to.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to tell much about I mean what other contacts that you're trying to get back.
Library and Archives: I thought, like of the image of the X crushed something.
Mike Sackton: It crushed the glass dealt with is holding in his hand.
Timothy Sackton: Right you're seeing an image of the glass.
Timothy Sackton: Basically what you're seeing in the mirror was, from the perspective of the glass bottle that was.
Library and Archives: got it got it got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I do remember that there's a story about after the grid of war, fire giant attacking coker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's not that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There haven't been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fire giants in that area.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the past, several hundred years least.
Mike Sackton: We know when Carson was destroyed out of it we don't we never we don't have a specific date right.
Timothy Sackton: You know, it was after the great war but shortly it couldn't have been very long after the Great War because.
Timothy Sackton: within an invite it.
Timothy Sackton: conceivably could have been the same fire giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: isn't there isn't there a connection between fighter jets and magic and the dwarves.
Mike Sackton: All giants have renick magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean ma.
Mike Sackton: The storm giant was using runes to do all kinds of strange things.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see.
Timothy Sackton: I mean giants are strange and inscrutable creatures.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there is a story that.
let's say.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's not really specifically fire giants right it's that.
Timothy Sackton: Although there are stories endorphin history of great rune smith's to studied under fire giants and distant strongholds.
Timothy Sackton: You know, creating forges and mechanical wonders, but the general connection is that there is a connection between.
Timothy Sackton: giants unrealistic magic now giants are complex and you know there's not I don't subscribe to the D amp D view that certain giants are evil and certain diets are good right any giant can be evil or good.
Timothy Sackton: or just complicated.
Mike Sackton: Is it cheating to search the Dunbar players guide, you said to us for the word fire giant.
Timothy Sackton: Slightly cheating, but this is what this is what.
Timothy Sackton: What ken's that would know.
Mike Sackton: Is it appears twice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's this.
Mike Sackton: Remember had TIM sent this out the Dunbar a players guide.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh it's in the answers to central mystery questions section.
Mike Sackton: there's a whole history that he wrote up, which includes the attack of the fire giant.
Timothy Sackton: i've pretty much deleted anything that was a campaign spoiler from that Doc before I sent it out so.
Library and Archives: I have.
Library and Archives: My elders have heard rumors of fire giants.
Library and Archives: Specifically, fire giants.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what what kind of rumors.
Library and Archives: People are seeing them possibly talking about them they're rumors and.
Library and Archives: rumors take a long time.
Library and Archives: To get up the mountain.
Library and Archives: And lots of perspectives and changes and alterations, but there are murmurs a fire giants.
Library and Archives: Fire giants sorcerers hob glob hobgoblin raiders.
Library and Archives: A demon a flame.
Eric Rosenbaum: flame.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tell us more about this flame demon.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just a rumor can.
Library and Archives: Just a rumor people over drinks.
Library and Archives: Eventually, they.
Library and Archives: It must be something real or something legitimate because it made it up, up to the village, the villages.
Rev. David (he/him): You know where.
Library and Archives: No outside, there is the mountain and there is not the mountain for my people, not the mountain.
Timothy Sackton: don't go chasing another plot drag.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: drop everything.
Timothy Sackton: drop everything go search for giants.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe instead of going south, we should just go North all the way around the world.
Rev. David (he/him): From the other end.
Library and Archives: How tall is the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: 400 feet it's not super tall but it's I mean it rises a decent height above the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And there's like a few places around the edges, where you can get off the smartest year cliff in all directions.
Eric Rosenbaum: athlete then up top there.
Timothy Sackton: You have yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): We kept up there at least one night.
Mike Sackton: It wasn't that right after Kansas first.
Mike Sackton: Almost dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah hmm.
Right.
Mike Sackton: kenzie kind of lose the habit of almost dying.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't know either summit or don't do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's kind of like my thing now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So So what are we gonna go chase and fire giants.
Mike Sackton: I think we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have the disease just scope ask you the hardest, you can.
Mike Sackton: I think the hardest cocoon is the.
Mike Sackton: will bring us more questions it'll answer our questions with more questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Mike Sackton: So one opportunity to chase the fire it's.
Mike Sackton: Just what i'm saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's there's no reason to think necessarily that the heart is in this growth right now it's that was its intended destination before it disappeared right, so we should go there and find out what happened but.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and actually we should be mindful, to the mirror there may be some there are unknown answers there we may be able to find some some other clues that could tell us what happened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, that would be interesting if we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: could find.
Library and Archives: how big the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: wall mirror.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to carry.
Mike Sackton: A restaurant it's not very portable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We did carry it.
Mike Sackton: We dragged it.
Mike Sackton: For hundreds of miles.
But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: button so glad you did, because this mirror is the fucking shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we still have the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever that thing is called the.
Eric Rosenbaum: force field of carrying things.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah yes, we do.
Timothy Sackton: Have.
Timothy Sackton: floating desk.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got the floating desk yes and actually the train of going over the top of the Mesa is not a bad place to use that.
Eric Rosenbaum: going.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't last for a whole.
Eric Rosenbaum: Day so that's right.
Timothy Sackton: that's, the problem is it only has like.
Timothy Sackton: Four six hours of charge, so it.
Timothy Sackton: gets stuff out of a dungeon for you, but.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't get it overland without some either going very slowly or.
Timothy Sackton: carrying it partway.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're gonna go to chart in and by like six more of them yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We come back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go to the ceremony.
Timothy Sackton: So all right, so you have basically a day in town if there's anything you want to do i'm also we can just skip right over that if.
Mike Sackton: i'm I know i'd like to talk to them dressed up briefly.
Timothy Sackton: Car and drove us.
Mike Sackton: By address.
Library and Archives: The second car yeah.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): like to see if I can adapt horse boarding if the donmar use it for baxter.
Timothy Sackton: yeah definitely.
Rev. David (he/him): it's like horse Armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's.
Mike Sackton: A good use of Armor.
Library and Archives: baxter's your horse of the bird.
Eric Rosenbaum: xp.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah thanks to the extra.
Mike Sackton: He rides the bird sounds so you basically have a choco.
Rev. David (he/him): choco that's.
Library and Archives: Like final fantasy they're giant birds you ride and can have barking.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh yeah totally.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's basically that yes.
Timothy Sackton: um okay so let's see ah.
Timothy Sackton: anyone else, want to do anything I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guess, they can get more pushes and stuff like this we don't like.
I mean.
Timothy Sackton: The Mesa has stopped producing potions so now.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean that's the problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't doesn't address I feel really bad for like you know being receptive to us for like months and, like.
Timothy Sackton: he's given his whole stock to.
Timothy Sackton: Have Dar in the end, I mean it he gave you a bunch early on.
Timothy Sackton: And that was after it was had already stopped producing more so in retrospect, more generous than it seemed at the time, but now he has no more spare potions there's not much to be had in town, I mean there's basically just hot girls camp in the Center ours.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let's see um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, but it is certainly possible to adopt horse Armor.
Timothy Sackton: there's not a lot of horse Armor to say well actually that's not true.
Timothy Sackton: enough people have died, that there is actually a horse Armor to spare.
Timothy Sackton: So it just is somebody time to to you know craft at which is.
Timothy Sackton: You know, probably take a few days and ideally they you know, ask for a.
Timothy Sackton: favor or something in return, if you have anything to trade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have like a lot of money, like.
Mike Sackton: We have a lot of money.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think you have that much money.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but like treasure.
Timothy Sackton: bobby's got like random trinkets and things.
Rev. David (he/him): I do have random things, but I think what i'll offer them is a map a copy of a map of everywhere we've been between here and Carson.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that he.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely will take that Nice.
Timothy Sackton: um but it'll take it'll take a couple of it'll take probably three days.
Timothy Sackton: It takes.
Timothy Sackton: takes the first day to like.
Rev. David (he/him): A holiday this week.
Timothy Sackton: Except first day to like get.
Timothy Sackton: To get things fit and kind of sat up, but then it's going to take another couple of days to kind of get it into shape so it'll be it'll be like two three days from now, before you can you actually can use the.
Rev. David (he/him): movie when we get back.
Timothy Sackton: Together definitely when you get back unless something goes horribly wrong.
Library and Archives: Your card is looking is just cannot understand why these ensures carry so much stuff with them with me go.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I meant to ask before you all sleep the previous night, are you keeping up your drift glow.
Timothy Sackton: bright light situation in town.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Library and Archives: looks at this bright light situation and his eyebrows.
are asking what's this.
Rev. David (he/him): We retrace but killer shadows from beyond the grave you know.
Mike Sackton: still being hunted by killer shadows from beyond the grave as far as we go.
Library and Archives: Through takes a small step away from the people actively being haunted by killer shadows.
Rev. David (he/him): want to come closer to the light again.
Mike Sackton: sure if they've really embraced us this far, but it's better safe than sorry.
Timothy Sackton: role really low on a wisdom save once.
Mike Sackton: that's true did we start to make wisdom saves that's the question.
Timothy Sackton: No, not after that.
Mike Sackton: That means they know where we are at all times.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so speaking to our address just in the interest of time like what do you, what is your.
Mike Sackton: um we don't have to role play it out, I just wanted to confirm that he that could just talk to him.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: yeah and when we last talked when we laughed he had asked us to share information.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: I mean dealt with will tell the story of he was telling us about the heart, I mean we had one of the secret from control Center right like I have no issue telling right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah right right he's heard this, he says he has heard this story, he has heard this from kendra's and many things makes sense now.
Timothy Sackton: He is uncertain as to whether it is wise to.
Timothy Sackton: reveal this information further.
Mike Sackton: And the big thing I want to know is, if this is what he thinks last time we talked he talked very.
Mike Sackton: eloquently about there being something wrong here, this is this, it is this what he thinks is wrong, the walk the lack of the heart.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I mean he he felt something he felt an absence very strong and that's what he feels.
Timothy Sackton: This is what he thinks this is missing, some some divine presence that should be here and he asked if you've noticed.
Timothy Sackton: The Mesa is hurting.
Timothy Sackton: He says the Mesa is suffering.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yes, it's wearing far faster than you might think.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so if there's anything else if there's nothing else you want to accomplish in town will pick up sorry go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How tall is the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: How tall is the Mesa yeah between 204 hundred feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: think you tend to practice like running up the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: Well there's a path that leads up near the temple that you know of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know like like he wants to like jump up it like like do some crazy like whoo shit like fucking practice like jumping.
Timothy Sackton: Right okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah jump in our core our core jumping up.
Timothy Sackton: Is yeah I mean that's enough handholds and things making acrobatics check.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, with advantage because of your ring of Jamaica jumping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The one skill, but actually have a plus seven at that I like don't use enough i'm going to do, fighting I wrote 25.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or higher ticket 725.
Timothy Sackton: miles yeah I mean you know you you you sort of.
Timothy Sackton: you're not quite good enough to run up straight walls you'll be you'll get that power later.
Timothy Sackton: But when when there's you know footholds that you can end like there's like ledges and cliffs and things, and you can you can jump you know pretty far, especially if you're you know.
Timothy Sackton: You know, with your ring and and you can you can jump you know you can make it up in three or four big mouth, maybe a few more than that, but yeah okay look pretty impressive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, I just wanted like you know cousin wants to practice doing this shit like like you know mountain Park, or if we if we ever end up in a city that'd be cool like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our core REPS and billions like you know set the thing so nice.
Library and Archives: part is just like munching on his mosque, but he carries with them and just watching.
Library and Archives: us very hyper active adventures running around town.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: The following evening.
Timothy Sackton: You return to the temple.
Timothy Sackton: And kendra says there are, along with a couple other missed I have sure Kuhn, they are wearing they are both wearing i'm.
Timothy Sackton: All of them are wearing these oka robes kendra says carrying his staff, but the other three miss die, are you know carrying nothing just just the robes.
Timothy Sackton: And and can dress that says to you as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: As part of our usual initiation into the mysteries of the goddess sure Kuhn.
Timothy Sackton: We are.
Timothy Sackton: exposed we are become in some real way.
Timothy Sackton: And he sort of stops I.
Timothy Sackton: I need to show you.
Timothy Sackton: This will not be the, this is not the full.
Timothy Sackton: initiation because the full initiation into the Miss miss die is not possible without the heart.
Timothy Sackton: Help Maybe you can understand how its absence, has affected us.
Timothy Sackton: I think, without it, maybe it is hard, even for me to think straight.
Timothy Sackton: Having so long been.
Timothy Sackton: In the presence of its magic.
Timothy Sackton: And while I cannot perform the full ritual for you, I can.
Timothy Sackton: do enough to show you to show you the magic of the heart even its absence and, hopefully, then you will see.
Timothy Sackton: how it works and why it is important.
Timothy Sackton: And I should warn you.
Timothy Sackton: Part of the magic of this place part of the ritual of.
Timothy Sackton: Of the initiation.
Timothy Sackton: Is tying us miss died together in a shared experience of Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: by sharing all our experiences together of this place, we have called home for generations.
Timothy Sackton: None of you grew up in this land and.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know exactly what will happen.
Timothy Sackton: As.
Timothy Sackton: For this part of the ritual.
Timothy Sackton: I can promise no harm will come to you.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know what you will see.
Timothy Sackton: Are you prepared to go forward.
Timothy Sackton: And he holds out he has like a bunch of i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of Pal Gray robes and he he looks at well be and at.
Timothy Sackton: trick on it's like Anna seeker actually is like I.
Timothy Sackton: i've done what I could.
Timothy Sackton: And he asks you to change into these robes.
Timothy Sackton: And then he takes this red ochre stone and paints like a crescent on each of your foreheads.
Timothy Sackton: And then he leads you into the temper.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, it's in this kind of random, but like after my initiations for both beach men lot can I can I get lab some like weird tattoos or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like as we talk about here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is why.
Timothy Sackton: yeah definitely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mistyped branding.
um.
Timothy Sackton: So, as he leads you into the temple.
Timothy Sackton: He takes you through into the sort of main hall of the temple the sort of central sacred space.
Timothy Sackton: And he says.
Timothy Sackton: Normally initiates would be blindfolded as they enter.
Timothy Sackton: And all would be dark and they would.
Timothy Sackton: The first thing they would see as they enter the under the temple would be the heart of Chicago.
Timothy Sackton: Because the heart is gone and because this not is not an initiation ritual because i've already told you our secrets.
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: ask for you on blindfolded.
Timothy Sackton: Through the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Any leads you so be so there's where you are right now, where you sort of initially walk in his.
Timothy Sackton: You know his you sort of pass through.
Timothy Sackton: you're sort of in this trying temple area it's a big room stretching back into the into the Center of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the Mesa and there's light shining from like big these big columns that light, let light in on the second floor but on three sides, you know it's inside the Mesa so there's only windows on one side and on the far wall, there are like two archways that lead down into the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: Any lights a torch.
Timothy Sackton: Which which burns with a blue flame.
Timothy Sackton: And he takes you down one of these quarters into.
Timothy Sackton: Another room like a sort of almost like an indoor cloisters in some sort of weird sense that has these large skylights cut into them.
Timothy Sackton: into the ceiling like going up hundreds of feet these shots into the to the earth and now because it's evening there's only a sort of pale radish light.
Timothy Sackton: shining and everything seems to be glowing slightly with this reddish light.
Timothy Sackton: And there's 211 sort of change one passageway that exits leading up one passage of the exits leading down the points towards the one leading down and says seeker, that is, the rock garden someday perhaps we'll have time to explore it together and think about its mysteries.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look forward to that day.
Timothy Sackton: And aliens you forward past the cloisters going down again i'm.
Timothy Sackton: into a chamber.
Timothy Sackton: That is.
Timothy Sackton: dark a cave.
Timothy Sackton: glowing only with a faint blue light from four torches lit again around the walls that are casting blue light everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: One of the acolytes um.
Timothy Sackton: Who is so the three other initiates who are sort of helping with this ritual have gone ahead and, as you enter the cave i'm.
Timothy Sackton: One of them is standing with a with a blue.
Timothy Sackton: With a mask that makes them seem faceless and again with a blue torch.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: still standing in front of a pool of water.
Timothy Sackton: And he or she it's hard to tell with the mask frost's the torch into the pool of water, and it is not extinguished but the water burst forth in flames on blue lights flickering across the surface.
Timothy Sackton: And he walks around to each of you, and he has a bottle of a potion bottle of some sort of thick liquid in his hand and he holds it up for you each to set.
Timothy Sackton: And he says.
Timothy Sackton: You are stripped bare before the goddess as he.
Timothy Sackton: passes the bottle to each of you, and then can dress it takes a staff.
Timothy Sackton: And leads each one of you into this pool.
Timothy Sackton: where he.
Timothy Sackton: touches the like puts you down in the pool so you're laying underwater but you find.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's not clear whether you're breathing water or whether you just don't need to breathe anymore.
Timothy Sackton: But you find that.
Timothy Sackton: The lack of air is no barrier to you.
Timothy Sackton: And, as he touches his staff to each one of you, you feel and the fire does not burn.
Timothy Sackton: It cast light, but it does not seem to burn you, although you can feel the heat.
Timothy Sackton: You feel the pressure of the cool metal touching you and everything fades to black.
Timothy Sackton: Until your eyes snap open in darkness.
Timothy Sackton: and your vision begins to adjust.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is Gray and shout out as if you're watching the world through a thin dark curtain like a veil that sort of preventing you from seeing clearly.
Timothy Sackton: And you seem to be floating above a tumbled scrub land of rock and grass and low hills and you can sense your companions with you, but you can't see them, you can just feel their presence next to you.
Timothy Sackton: The grind is moving belief beneath you but you don't feel a sense of movement it's as if you're stationary and the ground is scrolling and as you're scrolling across the land, you come to a road cutting through.
Timothy Sackton: The scrub and you sort of float along at the ground picking up speed beneath you.
Timothy Sackton: will occasionally send you messages so look at the chat.
Timothy Sackton: The lads moving quicker now a blur almost.
Timothy Sackton: As if you.
Timothy Sackton: Are.
Timothy Sackton: As if it's like somebody sped up the film and you begin to drift higher and higher and you can see across the entire suite of done mark them as if you're.
Timothy Sackton: floating far up in the sky, you can see a river glittering in the distance tall mountains rising out of the planes to the north, open fields below tall grass blowing in the wind.
Timothy Sackton: Everything seems like you know child's toys laid out below you and you see the rain falling thunder fun summer thunderstorm washing the earth clean and, as you begin to fall back towards the earth.
Timothy Sackton: The image changes.
Timothy Sackton: And you see the faint flicker of a vast forest of unimaginable trees superimposed on the land.
Timothy Sackton: Growing.
Timothy Sackton: Above and as part of the planes stretching as far as you can see, reaching the mountains still in shadow still through a veil but every now and then pierced by lights and you can hear the sound of singing in a strange language.
Timothy Sackton: flickering.
Timothy Sackton: trees slow.
Timothy Sackton: And they study for a moment, almost as if you're paused above the world, and you can see clearly this forest of trees stretching.
Timothy Sackton: Until time pauses.
Timothy Sackton: And with a flash ash and fire spreads across the land and everything is red with the flame you see nothing but ash and dead tree is across the land.
Timothy Sackton: You see, burning fighting the smell of blood and death.
Timothy Sackton: Until the image fades again.
Timothy Sackton: And you just closer and you're looking at a huge city that's spreading out below you growing stretching.
Timothy Sackton: covering all that you can see an impossible city, which then melts and begins to lose across the land, like red blood until our light cuts across at water falling washing it clean.
Timothy Sackton: And as the land is cleansed you're disoriented for a moment, because you are the rain.
Timothy Sackton: flowing down the river into an ocean somehow both yourselves, but also.
Timothy Sackton: Part of the water.
Timothy Sackton: almost as if your your individual identity is gone and you're catching impressions from the wider around you that both are yours and not yours, the pungent smell of blood and war, the taste of mushroom and lambs do.
Timothy Sackton: The acid ashy taste of some bitter polluted smoke in the air.
Timothy Sackton: The sound of golf the smell of salt in the air.
Timothy Sackton: Clean crisp cold taste of water from a high mountain stream.
Timothy Sackton: Until justice suddenly you evaporate into the sky a cloud drifting over the land growing as you rise in the hot air over the dry planes below until you burst and still everything is faint and seen through a veil but now it feels more like a fine mist than a shadow.
Timothy Sackton: And as you're following the earth rises up to meet you eager for the life you bring and, as you soak into the ground everything's dark and earthy around you.
Timothy Sackton: And then suddenly you feel like you're being stretched in five different directions almost like you're being pulled apart until you burst forth images flashing.
Timothy Sackton: Seeing yourself turning the corner on a narrow track high in the mountains watching small trails of smoke rising in the distance from the cook fires of the small village.
Timothy Sackton: And feeling the anticipation of hearing again the sounds of hammers against down the soft patter of young feet running over the earth.
Timothy Sackton: The background murmur of life and, as you walk forward approaching the village you take a step and are falling through the mountains, through the stone.
Timothy Sackton: emerging on an enormous White for rock by a fireplace looking up at a vaulted ceiling covered and complex patterns of tile.
Timothy Sackton: Until you turn in anticipation, as you hear the distant boring of water growing louder and then watch his water Scott starts cascading down the facade of the building, you are in are boring current.
Timothy Sackton: And as you are envelope by the joy of this site you notice the water is driving a number of small stone and class atomic talk, which starts to move.
Timothy Sackton: And you're drawn into them zoom in closer as they begin to come to life, and you are drawn into one of them a glowing crystal lantern as your vision pulls out, and you can see now that this lantern is sitting on a beautiful and incorrectly carved metal.
Timothy Sackton: It seems ancient and as your gaze falls upon it, you feel a sense of loss and melancholy, as you stare at the light.
Timothy Sackton: And as you focus on the light it becomes the sun setting behind you as you're on a ship at sea, cutting through green waters watching the waves, the wind in the sales, as you leave the port.
Timothy Sackton: watching the sun set behind you on the shore a sense of happiness and contentment at setting off for somewhere new and as the sun sets.
Timothy Sackton: The image fades.
Timothy Sackton: into the night sky full of stars, clear and bright and a sense of calm washes over you as for a moment you feel a sense of profound peace and everything slows.
Timothy Sackton: And pauses.
Timothy Sackton: and your vision clears for a moment and you see a great empty cavern vast but dark, the only light coming coming from shimmering crystals surrounding seven carbon thrones of stone an intricate design edge on the rocks below.
Timothy Sackton: A strange men really taste in your mouth almost like placing your tongue against the vein of some metal and an ancient rock face.
Timothy Sackton: And as you rushed towards the floor and crashed through it for the briefest of briefest of moments.
Timothy Sackton: You can see everything.
Timothy Sackton: You can see the world below you lines of energy twisting across it points of thought super imposed too complex to understand.
Timothy Sackton: But for a moment you feel as if everything is clear, and you can see people, you can see the mist die of Chicago and from each one a light stretches into a web and that web stretches together into a complex interweave of energy that reaches out across Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: And stretches for the border and piles up.
Timothy Sackton: But as you watch this web, you can see that there are holes in it, you can see that it's tearing it's beginning to pull apart.
Timothy Sackton: And you follow these strands and you can see that this energy is coming, both from here, from Denmark and from elsewhere.
Timothy Sackton: And it's tied together into this web of power shifting and shimmering with the thoughts of the people whose dedication supports that but, at the Center.
Timothy Sackton: Where there should be energy where there should be light where there should be life, where there should be the pulsing of blood through this web.
Timothy Sackton: There is just emptiness.
Timothy Sackton: there's just nothing it's not darkness so much as just the absence of energy, the absence of.
Timothy Sackton: Such such sustenance.
Timothy Sackton: And that that emptiness is spreading through the web.
Timothy Sackton: And the knots are beginning to crumble and flicker and fail.
Timothy Sackton: and tear and you can see cracks stretching across the land.
Timothy Sackton: And the veil slams down again.
Timothy Sackton: And the clarity, you had is gone and you're now standing on the top of the red Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: that's evening and everything is again distorted by grey the ground itself unsteady under your feet.
Timothy Sackton: And it cracks open beneath you the rock shifting as if you are traversing an unstable glacier and not solid ground solid rock.
Timothy Sackton: And you can feel now here, the absence of something you can feel this is where the heart should be This is where the blood flows, this is where the energy that powers that web of people that web of thought that web of souls that protects donmar.
Timothy Sackton: Is ripped loose.
Timothy Sackton: And the web, the energy is flapping in the wind, the connections between these people that bind Dunbar together and.
Timothy Sackton: hold this energy.
Timothy Sackton: is gone.
Timothy Sackton: And as you as the scene grows darker, you have the feeling that something is reaching for you a vague impression of a woman who has maybe also a Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: And a whisper breath as darkness grows.
Timothy Sackton: Please.
Timothy Sackton: Will you help me.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: your eyes snap open to shouts in the darkness screams as through a veil of blue flames, you can vaguely see a shadowy form detaching from the wall, as it grabs one of the slides her body crumbling and she begins to shrivel and weather and a new shadow begins to rise from her dead form.
Mike Sackton: At the shadows followed us.
Timothy Sackton: And I need everybody to roll initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's lots of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many to be killing how many are left.
Mike Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Good question you count to and there were eight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and six of them not pop up and hold on wait till now show up like right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we kept the lights on dude.
Timothy Sackton: You kept the lights on.
But it's.
Mike Sackton: dark we got a.
Mike Sackton: dark initiation here.
Eric Rosenbaum: The lights on and.
Timothy Sackton: yeah let me.
Rev. David (he/him): TIM what weapons or do we have with us under these.
Timothy Sackton: Non.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
yeah we're not to plan.
Mike Sackton: We didn't where we're not wearing Armor our way.
Timothy Sackton: you're not wearing Armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: boy.
Timothy Sackton: You do have your like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Your you know arcane focus and stuff so you can cast spells.
mm hmm.
Oh no.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: I don't have I don't need it, I can't focus.
Mike Sackton: My my packs weapons my arcane.
Timothy Sackton: Focus I know.
Mike Sackton: I cannot have that.
Timothy Sackton: I just you know.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
You might.
Timothy Sackton: So let us, let me just get to that.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just get to this way i've got it.
Timothy Sackton: On.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The card in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: That says you in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry hold on, let me just make sure I get initiative setup here.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow I didn't seem to get everybody on the turn order.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One second.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm ready.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: let's see what else we got well, we got.
But I think i'm actually 1492 14.
Timothy Sackton: Okay sorry seeker where did you get.
Eric Rosenbaum: 1717.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo was.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas kenzo nine.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas deckard is 17 I don't know why these numbers are coming up and down with with seven.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, then.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Once again it's like what's the brightest non technological light source, you can think.
Library and Archives: Does white damage these.
Eric Rosenbaum: They flee from it.
Mike Sackton: Well, they can they can become invisible and dim light so it's not so much that light damages them as.
Timothy Sackton: Without wow.
Timothy Sackton: You got the sense, the last time you were fighting them it wasn't just that they can become invisible and that was the dogs, not the shadow hunters.
Timothy Sackton: out right really didn't like like.
Timothy Sackton: Like right they were very ineffective in light.
Rev. David (he/him): Of far are we from our stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, like.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's like a 5060 feet up to the cloister and then 100 feet across the Christ or and then like 20 feet across the.
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet across the shrine probably about 200 feet, maybe.
um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David (he/him): Much too far.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: possible for.
Timothy Sackton: Mike for Dartmouth, to create by.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any metal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or, as objects on the needs of.
Eric Rosenbaum: People.
Timothy Sackton: At the shadows now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or do we have any probably not nothing in that room.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe kendra's his.
staff.
Mike Sackton: raise control sit down here.
Timothy Sackton: can draw it says, right here.
Timothy Sackton: That there's two missed I who are alive and one mistake, who has dad and a shadow just rose from the dead body of the Miss die, who died.
Rev. David (he/him): We think these can only.
Rev. David (he/him): Only be affected by magic, we think.
Mike Sackton: We think so well, we have think they're probably I don't know if they're immune or now because kenza was hurting that.
Timothy Sackton: Much they're not immune.
Mike Sackton: And there was probably resistant the bing half damage.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can make like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's that called when the Viking dies, and they make a ship that's on fire.
Library and Archives: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: A funeral higher.
Higher.
Mike Sackton: that's that seems useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can make actually a tiny one.
Mike Sackton: is less useful.
Timothy Sackton: You cannot make a full size.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it'd be in will burn bright.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I can hold up my little humid burning lenses.
Eric Rosenbaum: To focus light on.
Library and Archives: And we're in US don't cave type area.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're in a stone cave.
Timothy Sackton: you're right now just I will say you all just stood up you're in the shallow pool well shallow as in well be would be drowning if it wasn't for the fact that you seem to be able to breathe water at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe about three and a half foot deep pool.
Timothy Sackton: And the pool itself is glowing with this blue flame that doesn't seem to harm you, but you can feel the heat rating off of off of Edit seems like it is in fact fire if you needed to light something on fire.
Timothy Sackton: Can Joe says shouting.
Timothy Sackton: The other two missed I who are sort of guiding this ritual one is dad in these two are freaking out.
Library and Archives: Is the water on fire itself or is like the fire on top of the water.
Timothy Sackton: The fire is on top of the water.
God.
Mike Sackton: Who needs a weapon, the most.
Eric Rosenbaum: I believe well.
Rev. David (he/him): Probably me I don't have much to do without a weapon.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I think I can create you one.
Rev. David (he/him): that's creepy and amazing I love it.
Mike Sackton: it's also magic.
Rev. David (he/him): We should have been doing this, a lot sooner.
Mike Sackton: I can't create you want anyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are you gonna do that.
Mike Sackton: i'll blast them with spouse.
Rev. David (he/him): He can dress if we take a rubs off will they burn.
Timothy Sackton: yeah awesome normal cloth it's only when they're on you, that they are protected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By naked.
Eric Rosenbaum: mean.
Timothy Sackton: If you need some fire.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, are you you guys, can I should we start.
Rev. David (he/him): kenzo I kept my underwear on under the road bike I hope you do.
Rev. David (he/him): we're supposed to take that off.
Timothy Sackton: So that's first shot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Open up the cows and that's what I did.
Timothy Sackton: sex is gonna rush towards this miss die.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Well, hit him.
Timothy Sackton: In this direction, not in good shape and he staggers back.
Timothy Sackton: As another shadow.
Timothy Sackton: swarms and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: He falls.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: As the shadows just kind of watch as this that when he falls he dies, and he doesn't just die he, like tribbles um.
Timothy Sackton: This one is gonna freak out and run.
Timothy Sackton: As far as he can away from everybody, not really thinking about the fact that he's running straight into the dark.
Timothy Sackton: And now, God you're up.
Library and Archives: Oh, how big is a square feet wise.
Timothy Sackton: Five feet, so you can move six squares.
Library and Archives: Okay, so.
Library and Archives: My character jumps out second one to be moved diagonal across the stair or do you have to move in like right angles.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can move diagonal 1234.
So.
Library and Archives: Your card runs out winds up against the two ones, and then we'll cast.
Library and Archives: ron's is kind of a strong word for my character, he will lumber.
Timothy Sackton: Out of.
Library and Archives: With focus and determination and cast lightning bolt.
Timothy Sackton: So you want to this.
Timothy Sackton: Enormous bolt of.
Timothy Sackton: lightning shoots out of Chicago hands.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa.
Timothy Sackton: what's the damage.
Timothy Sackton: was just gonna get these two that are right in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: So if you click cast on the spell.
Mike Sackton: yeah he gets 31 damage.
Timothy Sackton: know what why didn't I see oh there I see it, i'm just out of okay so oof okay that's pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: The one right next to you fails at saving throw in is just disintegrated um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see, is it disintegrated.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it's disintegrated the second one succeeds on it, saving throw i'm.
Timothy Sackton: still takes damage.
Timothy Sackton: But seems but it's still up.
Timothy Sackton: As it then turns and looks at you secret Europe.
Library and Archives: um before did.
Library and Archives: flash of lightning illuminate anything of note.
Library and Archives: So I assume it's quite bright.
Timothy Sackton: It is, I mean you see now six shadows around.
Timothy Sackton: Many of them in the darkness, where you can't see them um but then the lightning vanishes again and they return to the dim light.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the dude on the bottom here.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah yeah that's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will use.
Eric Rosenbaum: performance of creation.
Eric Rosenbaum: To within 10 feet okay so right in the Center of the ring here to construct a.
Eric Rosenbaum: kind of like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: floating fire pit but instead of logs their.
Eric Rosenbaum: magazines magnesium rods.
Eric Rosenbaum: Typical like.
Eric Rosenbaum: super super bright fire pit.
concept.
Eric Rosenbaum: That probably.
Timothy Sackton: Typical seeker construction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it is of lighting it.
Timothy Sackton: Oh you're creating it right in the middle of the.
Timothy Sackton: flaming water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that'll.
Eric Rosenbaum: flame Okay, so that, so it will, it will be live that's excellent.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm sure it's worse than the disease.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know it's great it's gonna be great.
Timothy Sackton: I have senior shouting a.
warning.
Eric Rosenbaum: here.
Timothy Sackton: Or are you sharing a warning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not a word to the guy that ran away like to receive should we all something like.
Eric Rosenbaum: comfortable yeah i'm lighting it up stay in the light is what I say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the light good.
Eric Rosenbaum: You may not want it to look directly at this thing also that i'm creating right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we should all shout that, like Mr Stan the light.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah yep.
Timothy Sackton: A good image for this before, but I don't know what happened to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was like a cube yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm also excited to see what will be can do with the magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: crossbones Oh, it is magical.
Mike Sackton: Usually use a long but it right there sharp.
Eric Rosenbaum: sharp natural sharp oh so I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: quickly sketch in the air floating glowing.
Eric Rosenbaum: arrow and send it to orbit.
Timothy Sackton: You remember what I said how much light this admitted before it was like.
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet of bright light or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: So will be you have these great.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um that and secret Sir and kendra will look at you all and.
Timothy Sackton: takes them a minute to kind of put himself together and be like.
Timothy Sackton: Oh shit, this is not what I expected and oh crap my people are dying, but then he will sort of pull themselves together and he will start to um.
Timothy Sackton: to sort of make a sign and hold up his symbol of of Chicago and and he will yell to.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo and seeker.
Timothy Sackton: He will stay sorry kenzo and down with he will see y'all.
Timothy Sackton: stay together.
Timothy Sackton: And you will see, you will feel the two of you feel this.
Timothy Sackton: connection this sort of bond of energy run between you, almost if he's channeling some of that web that you saw on your vision and well, you are within 30 feet of each other.
Timothy Sackton: You can add it's basically like a mini blast you can add one D four to one attack role ability checker saving throw per turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: Now, and then he will hearing you say stay in the light, he will step into the pool, and that will enhance turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well i'll be here up.
Mike Sackton: You should delay till after.
Rev. David (he/him): I think I will i'm sure, so how many exits are in the room.
Timothy Sackton: Ah there's one exit just just this right here.
Timothy Sackton: There are some like nooks and crannies but there's only one exit or entrance.
Rev. David (he/him): awesome because I really love to kill all of them and not.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah i'm going away but i'm not gonna worry about that this term yeah can I delayed till after.
Timothy Sackton: You can hold your tactile you have a weapon to attack with.
Rev. David (he/him): That seems prudent.
Timothy Sackton: Okay kenza you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, on kenzo will pop up over here staying within 1530 feet of Dallas yep and will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll just focus.
Mike Sackton: While we can you want us your move to come over to me and then we'll direction.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can do that.
Mike Sackton: Just because it's a lot easier for me to give you a bow if we're standing next to each other.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: didn't like just do three on Armstrong how many unarmed strikes do I get.
Timothy Sackton: If I just saw.
Timothy Sackton: So you can do for if you spend a key.
Mike Sackton: You should fist you should use one of your magic key abilities so.
Timothy Sackton: You also have your plan or power blaster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I was gonna do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then I popped out at the pool to engage this guy so they're going to fight this guy i'll do the next round.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, I guess, can I do three and then do the advocacy if I want younger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so i'll try to hook this up with some on arms attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First, one.
Timothy Sackton: That just barely misses, but you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can use your default on this attack, if you want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah i'll do that shit.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, as you are strikers to miss you feel this like burst of energy from dealt with and your fist connects.
Timothy Sackton: The 17 hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how's it doing is it still like.
Timothy Sackton: it's still alive it's shaken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or i'll do a third attack attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: it's barely hanging on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will use a key and finish to finish them off.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you gotta finish them off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow wow So yes, you guys you guys see naked kenzo is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We saw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wherever we didn't throw rugs on fire.
Library and Archives: I mean you could be naked if you wanted to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: I kept my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: eye I just wasn't sure if that's what we all did culture believe if.
Mike Sackton: You see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The kids are like kind of weed out of the pool and then like literally shadowboxing it's just like like he, like boxing with this, the shadowy figure and just starts kicking ass just starts like biting kicking ass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it is defeated.
Timothy Sackton: Ah let's see let's turn now.
Mike Sackton: Alright, so I will.
Mike Sackton: hand while be a bow made of shadow we shadows.
Mike Sackton: And then I will i'll just blast the creature in front of me.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: That has one.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it doesn't quite kill them.
Mike Sackton: And i'll use my second i'll just blast.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: You just barely hanging on almost dad.
Mike Sackton: that's this one right here that i'm attacking.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I got that.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: that's it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Out of its former self.
Mike Sackton: haha.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm lobby, you can now.
Timothy Sackton: Make your how the attack if you'd like.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, I will do that um.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't think there's way I can get sneak attack so i'm gonna just try and shoot and finish off the one that dealt with just hit.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why using a shadow.
Mike Sackton: And this Councils magic TIM.
Timothy Sackton: I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who.
Timothy Sackton: will miss.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you can.
Timothy Sackton: You have your inspiration inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, what.
Rev. David (he/him): Is it.
Timothy Sackton: The da.
Mike Sackton: A 13 hits we think at 12 was one off.
Rev. David (he/him): let's 5050 yards i'll take it right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: It misses, however.
Timothy Sackton: Remember seekers ability, when you use when you add an inspiration to the attack role, you can cause the room to explode.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I forgot about that excellent.
Timothy Sackton: um and i'm pretty sure it's within the.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just double check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Mike Sackton: You, as the arrow goes by the rune explodes.
Timothy Sackton: i'm pretty sure that's how it works I.
Timothy Sackton: Just gonna double check to make sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like it.
Timothy Sackton: I can't remember if it works for range today or not.
Mike Sackton: One acolyte ran off the side of the map and two are dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, but I just one that ran away without away.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the target and each creature of your choice within five feet of that.
Timothy Sackton: must succeed on a constitution saving throw or take thunder damage equal to the number rolled on the inspiration.
Mike Sackton: doesn't succeed on its constitution.
Timothy Sackton: It it does not, however, as the funder explodes around that um it does not seem to it it's shaken slightly, but not horribly.
Timothy Sackton: And it does not quite die from that.
Mike Sackton: Okay, this one's going to kill.
Timothy Sackton: This one will close it and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The bright light not making it very happy, but it's still going to attack, even with disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man.
Timothy Sackton: And it will have but does not get the credit because of disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: So seeker you take nine points of the chronic damage.
Timothy Sackton: nacro and your strength score is reduced.
Timothy Sackton: By one.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's my least favorite kind of damages and chronic damage.
Mike Sackton: yeah and also none of us have good stripe scores, so these guys, could you need to be careful, because if they set your strengths go to zero you turn into a shadow.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I do my strength, I just.
Mike Sackton: The only thing I could find was if you click on strength, the set.
Mike Sackton: Other modifier is minus one.
Eric Rosenbaum: way it's already minus one oh man.
Mike Sackton: yeah now it's good to go down even more see none of us were all weaklings you don't.
Mike Sackton: You don't know this about us yet job, but the entire party is like we can't with stones.
Mike Sackton: The second one.
Mike Sackton: we're like the weakest adventures in.
Mike Sackton: In the universe.
Timothy Sackton: To attack seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: What.
Timothy Sackton: Oh man, the only one range and that's a three and 16.
Timothy Sackton: And that's going to be six points of the chronic damage at another minus two to your strength so.
Timothy Sackton: Total of minus three.
Timothy Sackton: And that well, and there are times Okay, this one is going to move.
Timothy Sackton: towards doubt with.
Timothy Sackton: Also disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: what's your deck style with.
Mike Sackton: My decks plus two.
Timothy Sackton: minus.
Mike Sackton: 12 AC.
Timothy Sackton: Well then, 11 and seven.
Timothy Sackton: And this one is going to move also towards doll with.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah because that one's next um.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is great you guys.
Mike Sackton: Totally.
Eric Rosenbaum: My strength is five.
Mike Sackton: Other lightning bolt.
Mike Sackton: Of.
Mike Sackton: lightning up.
Timothy Sackton: 10 points of of.
Timothy Sackton: The chronic damage to deal with and minus three to your strength.
or.
Mike Sackton: I don't need to use strength for anything.
This.
Timothy Sackton: Guy now is like very confused doesn't want to run towards the shadows, but wants to get back into the light and it's just going to run to about their.
Timothy Sackton: own and that will bring us back to Chicago.
Rev. David (he/him): So TIM on that lesson i'm going to use my reaction, because I have an enemy within five.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): To move here with a promotion.
Library and Archives: Okay um.
Mike Sackton: Oh wait hold on a minute um.
Mike Sackton: How do I not have any I don't have my any of my stuff nevermind.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can't use your Armor.
Library and Archives: is, are we at maximum brightness.
Timothy Sackton: The magnesium flare that secret made is pretty much maximum brightness at this point.
Library and Archives: And does the flames on the water hurt the shadows in any way.
Timothy Sackton: Interesting so far they haven't the flames are sort of this this ring here.
Timothy Sackton: In the Center so far none of them have stepped into the flames.
Library and Archives: So.
Timothy Sackton: If all sort of stepped right up to the flames, but not into.
Library and Archives: Would.
Library and Archives: If I use shape water to push water, the flaming water up onto the shadows drenching them does that directly, can you tell me if that does anything.
Timothy Sackton: You could I mean you could try would get.
Timothy Sackton: One of them.
Library and Archives: Okay, and do, I have to move to be close enough for.
Library and Archives: manipulate water shape water 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: No, you wouldn't have to move, I mean you know.
Timothy Sackton: You could just cast another whitening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, lightning is fucking awesome.
Library and Archives: OK, I will um.
Library and Archives: yeah yeah and I can't.
Library and Archives: Could I angle it to get to and then kind of nip the other one.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think you.
Mike Sackton: See anywhere, where you can get.
Timothy Sackton: I don't really see any right.
Timothy Sackton: There three.
Library and Archives: move it down just a bit you're hitting on there you go that's three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you in that line.
Mike Sackton: hit three.
Timothy Sackton: three.
Library and Archives: So I will move here.
Library and Archives: yeah and.
Library and Archives: I will catch lightning again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is awesome.
succeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 30 for.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Lord.
Timothy Sackton: succeed, so the.
Timothy Sackton: Closer one failed.
Timothy Sackton: and
They pass.
Timothy Sackton: Not not quite vaporize this one here, who was damaged is completely vaporized.
Timothy Sackton: They also seem to be somewhat resistant to lightning damage.
Timothy Sackton: This one succeeded.
Timothy Sackton: Then, this one is this one next to you kenzo is looking quite badly off the one next to you dealt with is in less bad shape.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else you want to do.
Timothy Sackton: trick on.
Library and Archives: I can't move again correct.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can keep moving as long as you still move left I think you've moved three squares.
Timothy Sackton: So you can have another three.
Library and Archives: or a move three to return to the water, so I am there.
Timothy Sackton: I got you probably don't want to end your turn right next to the.
Library and Archives: shadow yeah so let me.
Timothy Sackton: So you can move like to hear.
Timothy Sackton: If you guys diagonal one on one and then one.
Library and Archives: God OK.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can't move away from the shadows without provoking attack right.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you unless you use your action to disengage which means you could still use your bonus action for something.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is my action to be pissed off about.
Eric Rosenbaum: experiencing the chronic damage.
and
Eric Rosenbaum: quickly sketch a ball of rage in the air and toss it directly behind like right here that's who shadows, with a incredibly loud explosion of ice shatter.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that's a competition safe.
Timothy Sackton: that's a fail and.
Timothy Sackton: Six seven success, though.
Timothy Sackton: So this one.
Timothy Sackton: So they're I mean they're rock Tibet await if they fail does shatter move them.
Timothy Sackton: To me that's thunder wave.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else with your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a second um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will i'm like curious about what kendra has up his sleeve, so I will fling a shining star of inspiration his way.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: and presumably he.
Eric Rosenbaum: In game world knows how to use it.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so can dress.
Timothy Sackton: looks around sees you.
Timothy Sackton: Trapped a little bit thicker.
Timothy Sackton: What can you do.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like the most capable of.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's touch.
Timothy Sackton: can't yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's got some spells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To protect that accolade.
Timothy Sackton: He is going to.
Timothy Sackton: So he is going to do two things um.
Timothy Sackton: He is gonna yell for the accolade to get next to him.
Timothy Sackton: than he has going to.
Timothy Sackton: call out to you speaker.
Timothy Sackton: i'm a word.
Timothy Sackton: A prayer of protection on your head from Chicago.
Timothy Sackton: And it's going to cast sanctuary on you.
Timothy Sackton: So if anybody targets you with an attack, they have to make a wisdom saving throw or if they follow wisdom saving throw they can't attack you.
Timothy Sackton: word it only lasts till You attack, but if you, for example, wanted to move before.
Timothy Sackton: You did anything if you cast a spell that harms and enemy or.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: If you cast a harmful spouse or sorry if you cast a spell that affects an enemy or deal damage or make an attack it ends, but as long as you only do things that aid your allies or um.
Timothy Sackton: or move or anything like that you're protected.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa.
Timothy Sackton: um and then he will hold up a staff and.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: dozen does not have an amazingly good attack, but i'm.
Timothy Sackton: glad he is gonna i'm oh sorry no that's the deck save so this burst of radiant energy surrounds um let's see the one next to you.
Timothy Sackton: i'm down with.
Mike Sackton: This one.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and not fail that's deck save so it takes.
Timothy Sackton: It takes one point of radiant damage which actually seems to hit it harder than, then you would expect.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well i'll be your up.
Rev. David (he/him): I am going to take steady aim and.
Rev. David (he/him): shoot one of the shadows next to a seeker.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's the one that's closer to the acolyte.
Mike Sackton: The lower yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Timothy Sackton: that's what I get I get.
Timothy Sackton: The advantage from steady aim right.
Rev. David (he/him): yep just one.
Rev. David (he/him): and two.
Timothy Sackton: Hopefully that the 16 heads.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
attack.
Timothy Sackton: so nice 20 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa on.
Timothy Sackton: Your arrow as the shadow of the arrow makes contact with the.
Timothy Sackton: shadow of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the of the other shadow it just like pierce's right through it, and the shadow staggers back i'm now uncertain and badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: That will bring us to kenzo.
Rev. David (he/him): was making such as the regular short code damage was nothing.
Mike Sackton: yeah right yeah sure, but it's a radio show up or damage just counselors magic.
Mike Sackton: penetrating resist right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh.
Timothy Sackton: No wait a minute isn't it.
Timothy Sackton: isn't improve pack weapon a plus one.
Mike Sackton: Now, improve pack weapon means I can.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah plus one damage, yes it is plus one you're right.
Timothy Sackton: Even game sort of death.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the the shadow that i'm engaged with that one's pretty wounded right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it's pretty wounded, the one you're engaged with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, and the one like directly across the way from me like exactly 25 feet that one is also pretty pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: godly wounded as well yeah.
Mike Sackton: This one is the only one that's not bad, we worked it right, this one.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah that this is the only one that's undamaged this one is next to you is wounded, the other two are badly wounded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, I am going to so I can use a fist of planar power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep zap the guy to hopefully finish up the dude that's directly across from me i'll do that, first, as my action.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So it has to make a strength saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: which it fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice okay.
Timothy Sackton: So Okay, yes, that will finish it so this.
Timothy Sackton: Like blue energy just and if you almost feel as if it's extra strong here as if it's drawing energy from the.
Timothy Sackton: From the flames below you um and even maybe from kendra Sosa as this thing just cracks and half as you strike it from across the.
Timothy Sackton: across the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you stick ends up basically like kind of drop playing like this and then like a sheet of energy like blue flashing energy appears a punches through the sheet and then that launches you know all the way.
Timothy Sackton: You can still make an unarmed strikes as a bonus attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what i'm gonna do now so unarmed strikes you the fucking dude right next to me go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: That that hits.
Timothy Sackton: But it doesn't quite kill him.
Timothy Sackton: Because he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't kill him yet.
Mike Sackton: They only take half damage.
Timothy Sackton: damage from your punches.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know pledges through side punch of it at the dude next to him and Oh, I guess, I could spend another key right to then do an additional very.
Timothy Sackton: You can only do for your blows when you attack when you when you use fester planner power, you get because you spent if you spend key on your action you can make one attack as a bonus strike, but you can't use flurry.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so this one across the way is on damaged.
Timothy Sackton: The one next to seekers on damaged.
Mike Sackton: And that's the only one we have these guys that have the other two attacked yet.
Timothy Sackton: I guess all three of them are next in the initiative count.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Should I try and finish off the two almost dead ones, probably sorry seeker l, but you have a sanctuary thing.
Mike Sackton: So first into the shadow be.
Eric Rosenbaum: really nice to you guys.
Mike Sackton: I be should I just don't know that I can kill I don't know if I can one shot him, but I bet I can kill the the other to.
Rev. David (he/him): kill the other two.
Mike Sackton: All right, i'm going to point at the one in front of me and mutter something and Elvis shot it.
Mike Sackton: And then i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God.
Mike Sackton: Then i'm going to hold on let's see.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to shoot my first i'll just blast.
Timothy Sackton: out in May Lisa you have disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Really.
Timothy Sackton: yeah if you make a range attack against someone when you're in melee you have disadvantage.
And one disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: hold on that.
Timothy Sackton: it's in bright light, so it has disadvantage on you, but it doesn't cancel out.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's annoying.
Library and Archives: or those two both week right.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you can tell the one next to ken's out badly wounded, the one next to dial with his shimmering but not.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'm going to do something different than.
Timothy Sackton: The one next the seeker is unharmed.
Mike Sackton: I won't curse the thing.
Mike Sackton: Okay instead.
Mike Sackton: I will teleport to right there.
Timothy Sackton: Nice.
Mike Sackton: And then I will attack it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you also remember from last time that you are hacks did no damage.
Mike Sackton: To brighten your.
Mike Sackton: place curse is different than hex.
Timothy Sackton: that's not in the chronic damage.
Mike Sackton: exploits curses on it's whatever the damage type.
Mike Sackton: But I didn't.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't do it, but that's to damage, so this, this is the one year, which are you going at this one or this one.
Mike Sackton: The the one this one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it is not that hits it, but it still seems pretty solid it's not this one is fading much more than this one seems like.
Mike Sackton: i'm OK, I will then attack it again same one again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it is now nearly dead, but not quite dead.
Mike Sackton: This one that was already damaged by the lightning bolt didn't die with.
Timothy Sackton: resistant to lightning damage and it made itself, so it only took seven damage.
Timothy Sackton: But it's now almost dead.
Timothy Sackton: And the other one is almost dead.
Timothy Sackton: But now it's their turn Okay, so this one is initially going to attempt to attack seeker.
Timothy Sackton: bell says wisdom safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So will cannot target, you will.
Timothy Sackton: they'll move here and attacked out with instead.
Timothy Sackton: With disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was the best inspiration ever gave.
Timothy Sackton: which still hats takes.
You take.
Timothy Sackton: 10 points of damage and lose another two points of strength.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to be a shadow very, very quickly, my strength is now three.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, and it's going.
Timothy Sackton: To step towards kenzo and this one will also attack kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: what's your AC your AC is unaffected by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seven.
Timothy Sackton: Anything what does that.
Timothy Sackton: 17 Okay, the first one, Mrs as it a disadvantage and you're dodging out of the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: shadow box in.
Timothy Sackton: The second one also Mrs kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Oh used to fighting without Armor and i'm standing in the light, so these things are having a hard time walking on TIM, just like dodging and weaving around their blows as both shadows miss as they attempt to.
Timothy Sackton: Attack him this but actually they have learned their lesson, so this one is moving here so that they are not in the line for lightning bolt.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're getting smart.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the mist I now is going to run immediately next to can dress and just dodge.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, God Europe.
Library and Archives: Is anybody in serious health danger right now.
Mike Sackton: kind of.
Mike Sackton: not really kind of I mean i'm more likely to die because my strength will be zero can you save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You kill off one of these shadows to off one of the shadows.
Yes.
Library and Archives: Okay, so I will me.
Library and Archives: And i'm very fire without cause any that doesn't cause damage, even on.
Timothy Sackton: At.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody advantage on them, but it does not cause damage.
Library and Archives: got it Okay, so I will.
Library and Archives: which the start what's the stronger of the two ones that are close to me.
Timothy Sackton: Both of them are looking very weak.
Library and Archives: So I will cast.
Library and Archives: I don't think I need a move to do this one.
Library and Archives: i'll cast flaming sphere.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so i'm a ball of fire, where do you want it to.
Library and Archives: appear oh.
Library and Archives: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: A ball of fire.
Library and Archives: Unfortunately I can't.
Library and Archives: Because it has to be within five feet right.
Timothy Sackton: to cause he can make it appear.
Timothy Sackton: yeah five feet to cause damage.
Library and Archives: So there's no way I can get both of us.
Timothy Sackton: Unfortunately there's no way you can get both of them, they they learned their lesson about positioning.
Library and Archives: But maybe I could torch my fellow adventure, I guess, but.
Library and Archives: But I won't.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but even that even that you won't get both of the shadows.
Library and Archives: Yes, i'll put it right, where you have it, that works.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it appears, and it slams into the shadow.
Timothy Sackton: And let's see deck save.
Timothy Sackton: Is that half it's half damage on a success right.
Timothy Sackton: So this this one succeeds on it, save and sell is not quite.
Timothy Sackton: killed, but is.
Timothy Sackton: wearing them down.
Timothy Sackton: So do you want to move at all that ends your turn.
Library and Archives: um I will move well sorry the wrong.
thing.
Library and Archives: i'll move to flank one of our are weaker members.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker you're up still protected, but as soon as you attack or cause cast a spell that harms an enemy that sanctuary will end.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, well, I can step away from the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: To there Okay, so you need to make it was wisdom save which he.
Timothy Sackton: fails opportunity attack, so he has no option to redirect so he just doesn't attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: I did see a deal with getting hit so i'll send a healing word.
Eric Rosenbaum: At the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Second, level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go to do it yeah there we go so that's nine.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: hit points to do this.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, can dress up i'll look around and and try and get a quick sense of who, who seems like they're like beside seeker like there.
Timothy Sackton: With her the most probably dealt with right.
Mike Sackton: Three strings delicate looks like he's about to fall over.
Timothy Sackton: Okay he's right next to you, and he will reach out and touch you and he will cast protection from good and evil.
Timothy Sackton: which, since these are.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, not gonna have any effect whatsoever, because they already have disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can't get triple disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: You can't get triple disadvantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean you are the DM.
Eric Rosenbaum: said man.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here is God.
Timothy Sackton: He will instead i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like reach out reach out and touch you on this like i'm this line of energy now connects you and UN can Joseph i'm creating a connection between you.
Timothy Sackton: And now, in addition to the.
Timothy Sackton: D, for you have for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me.
Timothy Sackton: For Canada you now get plus one bonus to AC and saving throws and resistance to all damage, although can Rossa takes the same damage that you take, although he but he hasn't been heard yet.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: it's working bond.
Mike Sackton: was when he can help.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and that will that will end his turn.
Mike Sackton: But this show is going to be dead before it can attack against so.
Timothy Sackton: That brings us to welby.
Rev. David (he/him): I am going to shoot the.
Timothy Sackton: lobby first then kenzo.
Rev. David (he/him): Let me shoot the shadow next to yeah okay.
Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): so careful amen.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
Timothy Sackton: That messes.
Mike Sackton: You don't have a.
Mike Sackton: Wide you don't have any of your.
Mike Sackton: Things that what you do you don't have any bonuses laughter you.
Timothy Sackton: Know uses inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: And he doesn't have a glass.
Rev. David (he/him): To open really terribly tonight.
Timothy Sackton: that's robbie's office game.
Timothy Sackton: In this situation.
Rev. David (he/him): No used to fighting with a pants.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I must see it.
Mike Sackton: Okay um let's see here.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry kenzo.
Mike Sackton: yeah kids oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, no you're good you're good.
Mike Sackton: Can you kill the one next to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm thinking, I have to kill the two that are next to me.
Timothy Sackton: You should still have two key left you could do another filter planner power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true I should have.
Library and Archives: because somebody else move my fireball.
Timothy Sackton: Now it has to be you.
Library and Archives: It has to be okay.
Timothy Sackton: And remember, if they fail their strength save you can move them 20 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'll uh i'll i'll i'll bless the next one.
Mike Sackton: Because I can, if you kill the one next to me, I can kill the one next to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What a beautiful trade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: My work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will see if I can just a planet power this dude.
Timothy Sackton: val's a safe, they have terrible strength.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: Extreme force that better kill it.
Timothy Sackton: It does not quite kill it, but you may move it 20 feet either towards you or basically 20 feet in any direction well towards your away from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys think.
Mike Sackton: push it away from.
Mike Sackton: push it away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From from you.
Mike Sackton: yeah put it away from me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think I think want to pull them like like we don't want we don't want to hear.
Timothy Sackton: You guys next to you so he's in combat with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's what i'm saying.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do that i'm gonna i'm gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm right next to me well, then he's engaged with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: welby to their right.
Mike Sackton: that's Okay, I think I can in West things go really badly, I will kill him on my turn.
Mike Sackton: I didn't really have them now are looking.
Timothy Sackton: seriously hurt like are flickering in and out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna i'm i'm an unarmed strikes, now the guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Next to.
Mike Sackton: You hold that guy in and just punch him in the face as he's coming towards you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that will be can also attack next round if he needs to alright so i'm going to unarmed strikes the dude directly in front of me now.
Mike Sackton: Go.
Mike Sackton: Coming up.
Timothy Sackton: Just enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This was a pretty cool moment so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again, like draw out like like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Energetic claim market on it's really fucking like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like vibrant given, like all the the pool that we're in all the shit punches through and you see this light blue hand by kind of reach out grab the shadow thing hold him like closer and then and then kenzo punches actual.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But through the thing and and you know.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of dissipates in this flash of blue light.
OK.
Mike Sackton: Now i'm going to matter my Elvis curse.
Mike Sackton: At the shadow next to kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: that's when here yep okay.
Mike Sackton: And then I am going to.
Mike Sackton: attack.
Mike Sackton: With an l just blast.
Timothy Sackton: That hits and the curse is forced image.
Mike Sackton: curses force.
Timothy Sackton: So that is enough to kill that.
OK.
Mike Sackton: And then that's very helpful.
Mike Sackton: I you see like kenzo works healed he looks a lot happier what healthier I will use my other i'll just blast to attack the other one.
Timothy Sackton: And it has also dad.
Mike Sackton: That doesn't get the X plus curse but I seem to 15 is enough to kill it.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, the 15 that's enough to kill that.
Timothy Sackton: they're all dead.
Timothy Sackton: you've been keeping robbie's been keeping a careful track, you have seen seven shadows.
Timothy Sackton: poof out in.
Timothy Sackton: flashes collapsing and vanishing as they poof.
Rev. David (he/him): him the boat back over.
Timothy Sackton: Did you see my message, by the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think that was part of the initiation.
Timothy Sackton: kendra says looking haggard and like runs over to the two who are dead, but I mean they're not even.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: They barely look human at this point they've been completely.
Timothy Sackton: trivial to a almost a desiccated husk and you can there's like tears streaming down his face what.
Timothy Sackton: What were those things, what happened.
Mike Sackton: They followed us.
Timothy Sackton: From our.
Timothy Sackton: first place.
Carson.
Timothy Sackton: Are there more.
Eric Rosenbaum: than there were eight right.
Mike Sackton: There were eight.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you've now actually killed nine because this one that killed one of these was had enough time to raise another shadow from the dead.
Timothy Sackton: So, as far as you know, there are no more.
Mike Sackton: We don't believe so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, there are more intro, so there are many more, this is, you still haven't had a chance to explain everything that we've seen but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There is great evil in our song now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're so sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever whatever tradition is appropriate here to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lesser.
Timothy Sackton: Every cut now.
Timothy Sackton: hurts, all the more.
Timothy Sackton: You have seen why we need.
Timothy Sackton: the midst of Chicago and why we need these people.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: More strands unraveling and no way to make more.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of looks sort of lost in sadness leaning on the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: address.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if this is any solace but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If and when the time is right i'd want to train with you.
Timothy Sackton: That is some solace.
Timothy Sackton: If we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just like like you know I guess he didn't have a staff, but you know his he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: opens up his robe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He like kind of the you know this, the slowly like tattooed sleep arm that he has of like from the from the lock on.
A locking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: initiation rites, and just you know.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: stronger than I realized stronger than me.
Timothy Sackton: I was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know about that, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Together we are strong.
Timothy Sackton: I only know.
Timothy Sackton: A few simple tricks, to be honest, I can manipulate.
Timothy Sackton: The wave of our brotherhood in and protect people, but.
Timothy Sackton: You can punch through shadows.
Timothy Sackton: And summon lightning from.
Timothy Sackton: Nowhere and.
wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was pretty awesome.
Timothy Sackton: And light and weapons from thin air it's.
Timothy Sackton: Growing strong since I.
Timothy Sackton: Last.
Timothy Sackton: saw your exploits in Cairo so many months ago.
Timothy Sackton: Any I must.
Timothy Sackton: I must bring the some acolytes down some more of my the Miss die to.
Timothy Sackton: prepare the bodies and say prayers please forgive me for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Please make yourself at home here this.
Timothy Sackton: This temple is is is yours now.
Timothy Sackton: Even though you are not initiated, you know the secrets, and you as you start to think of it, you find like.
Timothy Sackton: Like verbal like you feel like among all of you, like it's easy to talk, but you get the sense that if you start to try to explain the magic of.
Timothy Sackton: Of the cocoons hired and the sort of web of connections of the mist I that like build up to provide this wall like.
Timothy Sackton: you're not sure you could actually articulate that thought among people who have not experienced this it's like just a conviction, you know there's some something about that magic means you can only speak of it among those who are tied into this web.
Timothy Sackton: I will be with you and I can, if you would like to speak more, but if you say there is a dark shadow that can.
Timothy Sackton: ally, with these things and Carson.
Timothy Sackton: Of the more urgency to restore the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rate.
Mike Sackton: kendra so were you able to.
Mike Sackton: ponder the thought as to whether anybody else might whether the secret might have been broken.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I.
Timothy Sackton: cast my dreams in that direction.
Timothy Sackton: And I got.
Timothy Sackton: no hint of any.
Timothy Sackton: Foreign or.
Timothy Sackton: unnatural.
Timothy Sackton: essence or particles or.
Timothy Sackton: infiltration into this web I.
Timothy Sackton: I believe.
Timothy Sackton: The secret has not been broken.
Timothy Sackton: cannot be completely sure, as I am no longer completely sure of anything.
Timothy Sackton: But I do believe that the secret is safe.
Mike Sackton: Still evening right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean the whole you know it felt like a long time, but in actual reality, the initiation was or the ceremony, you were part of was probably no more than 30 minutes so it's not much longer than when you came down.
Timothy Sackton: So it's getting towards men that I wanted to give you a moment to like discuss and wrap.
Library and Archives: up but.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: Just aware of the time, this will be kind of where we are and then we'll pick up with crossing the Mesa next time.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was quite a lot of imagery in that initiation just before.
Eric Rosenbaum: All the shadows broke loose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's amazing.
It was good.
Library and Archives: What the hell, are the shadows from.
Library and Archives: me and my character, what is going.
Mike Sackton: On is a.
Mike Sackton: it's a.
Mike Sackton: Ancient dre Korean city to the East that.
Mike Sackton: Well, as you saw in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: We believe, I guess, was destroyed by fire giant.
Mike Sackton: Many years ago.
Mike Sackton: But a.
Mike Sackton: creature has taken up residence there.
Mike Sackton: garage he's called.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we decided to go there and investigate it for our own really good and rational reasons.
Mike Sackton: which no longer with.
Rev. David (he/him): us not sure.
What was there.
Rev. David (he/him): Before.
Timothy Sackton: And what no have.
Timothy Sackton: asked you hey do you want to come into the desert with me and you're like sure why not.
Timothy Sackton: yeah why don't you guys.
Mike Sackton: Just because it was right, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was there, and there was there are ways for us to scout it and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like there was a lot of reasons to go check it out.
Mike Sackton: There was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Valuable things.
Mike Sackton: We enter and we managed to we managed to.
Mike Sackton: learn that this.
Mike Sackton: creature has been.
Mike Sackton: hunting for things in the desert hunting for artifacts.
Mike Sackton: is why we don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: know and of undead king of an orc army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really, the one to if he's hunting for the heart.
Mike Sackton: I wonder, as well, but how would he know of it that's why I was concerned about whether the secret had been broken.
Is.
Mike Sackton: Whose I was sorry.
Mike Sackton: I was just gonna in our in our.
Mike Sackton: Quite successful spying.
Mike Sackton: He may have.
Mike Sackton: figured.
Mike Sackton: That somebody was around and sent some of his shadow minions to hunt us.
Mike Sackton: Well, we believe we saw all that were sent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah but then again it was it wasn't, it was because of the like the sheet that we did the day before that he knew that we were around it wasn't a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spine spine was like fine.
Mike Sackton: yeah it was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pulling the mantle for us on the orcs and and the orcs fine and all that stuff that made him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A shot.
Eric Rosenbaum: He knew were there.
Mike Sackton: No, I thought it was when did I thought he said the shadows after we were seeing crossing the.
Timothy Sackton: know now.
Mike Sackton: has no no.
Timothy Sackton: He saw with clairvoyance.
It was.
Mike Sackton: reported that you had.
Mike Sackton: Right right right right right and.
Mike Sackton: gratia apparently can bring oryx back from the dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: After like decapitated or whatever.
Mike Sackton: We did yeah so.
Mike Sackton: So he has that go from.
Eric Rosenbaum: The initiation included a journey from it looked like we started from somewhere in your chart and.
Eric Rosenbaum: To me, and we were headed in London towards Dunbar.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then there was a giant forest with elves and then everything was on fire i'm not clear on like historically or geographically what was going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On, it seems as though it brought us into the history of the ancient history of Denmark when donmar used to get elven for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh right right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or at some point by nobody you know what happened to the forest why what what the Lord is of the forest, why was.
Mike Sackton: When a car foul and the world was split the forest was burnt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We saw images of history.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then we also saw.
Eric Rosenbaum: The seven thrones.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the dwarf and firstborn.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that was it was what you know what seeker saw as part of I mean it was basically seekers vision of.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: heart of the mountain when you when, as part of the orphan coming of age.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I think I messaged you that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right you didn't I wasn't sure what that meant.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, sorry I should have reminded you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are seven dwarves is that is that literally.
Timothy Sackton: was stolen from token.
Timothy Sackton: Not from snow white.
Library and Archives: curious like What was it, this needs to be role played later fine, but like well who got the idea to take the heart to that temple spring area.
Library and Archives: Because we we keep asking who else knows about the heart, we should also be asking who maybe would want the heart to leave.
Timothy Sackton: So sentra.
Timothy Sackton: Right believed that taking the heart to the grove wellspring would be would allow her to heal her daughter.
Library and Archives: So we don't so that was Center generating that idea of the best of our knowledge, we.
Timothy Sackton: We might kendra sublease.
Mike Sackton: It might be worthwhile asking around if anybody knew central.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we also don't know whether or not.
Eric Rosenbaum: I get to dust mother is involved, who is the great healer by a sacrifice.
Mike Sackton: Oh who's an evil face spirit from long ago, who wants to you know.
Mike Sackton: wakes to.
Mike Sackton: cause trouble.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe the maybe the maybe the hearts in a while, so you get to go into that portal.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah totally that different plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Early.
Rev. David (he/him): On this plane necessarily.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: need to go to the grove.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And lots of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bringing back to the fucking mirror to actually feel what happened that mirror mirror the mirror.
The mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should bring them here with us.
Library and Archives: I know I could carry them here i'm drinking.
Mike Sackton: The beer for.
Mike Sackton: You actually.
Mike Sackton: You can only use it once a.
Mike Sackton: week so it's not like.
Mike Sackton: You can't just walk away i'm pointing it and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We make like a like a like a magical like like us like what one like not like the big ass huge one for like a little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Animal and that we can like you know.
Mike Sackton: what's the only works once a week.
Timothy Sackton: It still works once a week.
Library and Archives: If you break the mirror do a bunch of pieces does each piece only work once a week.
Eric Rosenbaum: or better.
than none of it works.
Timothy Sackton: I love that mirror, though, because you totally were not supposed to get it, it was behind.
Timothy Sackton: A door locked with an arcane lock which you should have had no way of opening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Your.
Timothy Sackton: seeker shrink the door when.
Mike Sackton: She dealt with jumped out the window.
Mike Sackton: right with.
Mike Sackton: misty stab.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was a mess yeah.
Mike Sackton: It was awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm here is a game changer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When whenever we finish talking kenza will, will you know how well well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah go.
Library and Archives: Nine in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The mismatch with them and help.
Eric Rosenbaum: And secret will investigate the geology of the room that we're in as always.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Library and Archives: All right, come both means seeker are very interested in stones but probably interacting with them very differently.
Library and Archives: My guy like sounds like a mystical intuitive thing not like a science thing so i'm curious how the stones feel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like it, I like it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's awesome oh yeah you too you're gonna have a lot to talk about.
Library and Archives: As much as my character can talk.
Timothy Sackton: About so just and again like if you guys want to chat i'm fine, but just to you know wrap things around as the you know the you return up the the passage way through the the cloisters now in darkness, as the sun is sat.
Timothy Sackton: come out back to the sort of main shrine, as you know, kendra and several more missed I as news is spreading and the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know sadness of this moment but also, as you as you watch.
Timothy Sackton: and see the people that the priests and accolades and initiate this should be moving around they look somehow different to you like, as each moves, you can see how.
Timothy Sackton: How as they move the others are also.
Timothy Sackton: Moving together.
Timothy Sackton: And you can almost see these connections between them that kind of shimmer but many of the edges are frayed and cut and.
Timothy Sackton: And you can, and you can sort of see how this kind of network reaches out, but then just reaches into dust and kind of frayed ends and.
Timothy Sackton: You know pieces blown away without a Center instead of a tight web that Mr Jackson and you know blocks the passage of enemies of Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: And as you settle in for the evening and.
Timothy Sackton: The funeral of these two miss day, who died and contemplate your.
Timothy Sackton: Next steps in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: And what you've seen.
Timothy Sackton: Well we'll wrap up and pick up.
Timothy Sackton: Next time, but again, like you know i'm on vacation i'll stay on as long as you want, if anybody wants to discuss anything so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are we playing next yes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's gonna be difficult.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, so going through June you.